question|answer
We've $2,450 raised for Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) International and only one week left of our fundraiser!|$2450 isn’t bad, but I would’ve thought we would’ve done so much better. I bought a shirt, which I understand is expensive, but just 1$ is easy aswell.
How do you picture a year in your mind?|Somewhat similar to a calendar, with blocks for the months. Most of my plans are monthly though so I picture a month as a stip with many squares in it and different colors for different things.
Librarians of Reddit at 24 hour libraries, what's the worst student melt down you've seen?|I remember walking to the Library about an hour after my Bio exam during my first semester of college. I took up all of the time allowed for my exam, and it was tough, but I was finally done. I just wanted to return a book and get a cup of coffee quick before heading home for the holidays. Once I got there, I was overcome with how trashed the library looked. I went to Pitt, a big public university. There had to be hundreds if not more students living full time in the library for the past week. I remember looking around and trying to take it all in, it looked like a battlefield. On the third floor, in one of the comfy chairs, I saw a kid who I am almost certain was from by bio class.  He was sleeping hard, surrounded by his laptop, a few books, pop cans, and junk food wrappers. I chose not to wake him up, because he looked really peaceful in that moment. But I can't imagine the scene that must have happened when he woke up.
People who only had one sexual partner for most of their lives but then got a new sexual partner: what surprised you about the new experience?|The different levels of sensitivity, some girls can't stand the slightest bit of pressure, others made me look like a thirsty dog at water bowl.
Security people who watch cams, what is the most bizarre thing you’ve ever witnessed?|Worked in a well-known discount retailer a few years ago and was friendly with the store detectives. One day, they called me into their camera room to show me some footage they got over the weekend.  Several overhead views of a middle-aged man lingering behind various young women, looking all around, waiting for a his window, then bending down quickly to sniff their asses.  He was slick, none of them seemed to notice this guy crouched right behind them with his face just a couple inches from their butt. They got him on camera doing this like 4 or 5 times before they tracked him down and told him to leave the store.
Young women (20-30’s) of Reddit: In your early experiences with dating, what are some lessons you learned that you wish to pass along to other young women or to young men?|You can't convince someone to love you. If you're brokenhearted, the thing that heals you is space and time from that person, and filling in the hole they left in your life with other, positive things. Seeking contact with the person who broke your heart is picking at the scab.
Men of Reddit, what REALLY goes through your mind when you see a girl with a hot body or a great ass?|“Nice.”
Which subreddits are quite popular, but have very confusing names that make them hard to be found?|/r/outside. It's about real life, but everyone acts like real life is a video game. For example, referring to wars and stuff as PvP combat and depression or the flu as debuffs or status conditions.
What made you stop giving a fuck?|When you give a fuck about something and you're let down by it, it hurts.  Solution: stop giving a fuck about anything.
Professors and teachers of Reddit: What is the dumbest question a student has ever asked you?|"I did a walking tour in Berlin.  Someone asked the guide ""what's the worst question you have been asked?""  He said, well, this guy from Australia, after the 3 hour tour was finished, asked ""Ok, so how did Hitler get here from Australia?""  he hesitated and said, ""Hitler was from AUSTRIA.""  The dude looked confused and said, ""Yeah, so am I, so I'm wondering why he came all the way to Europe to do all the things he did.""  The tour guide said he almost felt bad but had to be honest.  ""AUS-TRAIL-A is the county you are from, AUS-TREE-A is a European country just next to Germany."""
What didn't age well?|CGI from the 90s. There's exceptions, but god damn.
Whats some shit a friend pulled that you can never forgive them for and you are still salty about it to this day?|"When I was 15 there was a casting at our high school for a movie. The casters came to our class and moved through the tables taking angles of us. The ones that were noticed were invited to the next interview. My friend was chosen, I was not.
That same day my friend that got chosen and I were leaving the school and a recruiter for the same movie saw me and called me to give me an invite for the interview but my friend immediately informed him that I had already been looked at and did not receive the invitation, at which the recruiter changed his mind and did not give me the invite...
He never got the part or anything out of it, I'm still bitter about it, it felt like a huge back stab."
I️f you were asked to tell a joke during a job interview, what joke would you make?|What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bike and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle  Attire
Recruiters on Reddit: what is the coolest thing you have seen on a job application?|Not a recruiter anymore but the coolest thing for me is when the job applicants make my job easier...  The best example I can think of was when I came across a CV that was clearly targeted for the position, with the key skills/keywords used in the job advert underlined throughout the CV. I could just skim read it, saw that the person met the requirements and could invite them for an interview. Brilliant.
What was your first gaming device?|NES with only the super Mario/ duck hunt that it came with
Parents of Reddit: What are some things you bought for your first baby that were useless or a waste of money?|Christmas last year and I was with my 1 year old Cousin She had well over £150+ worth of toys from various members of the family  She spent the day playing with a potato
Whats a traumatic thing that happened to you as a child?|My swimming instructor was one nasty piece of shite and since I was enrolled late in the course he decided to speed up progress by removing my water wings... right in the middle of the pool. He put me off swimming for decades. Fuck you, Danilo!  &nbsp; EDIT: I also got run over by a bus while crossing the road with my grandma, at the tender age of 9.
Philly residents: why are you destroying your city over a game of Football, and is it worth it?|I live close to Montreal, and they're notorious for destroying downtown after a Playoff win/loss.  What I've noticed is that for the most part, people are just out in the streets celebrating. Unfortunately, there's typically a group of people who go out specifically looking to break stuff, loot, and riot. Because of the news coverage it seems like these people are the majority, but they're just a very shitty, loud, and brazen minority.
Men of reddit who love the color pink, have you ever been judged for it?|"I once had a bright pink mohawk and dyed the end of my beard pink to go with it.  
Did I get judged? Yes.  
  
Did I care? No.  
  
My mum thought it was cool, and that's all that counts."
What did a date do that guaranteed there would be no second date?|She never responded to any of my messages after our first date. Definitely not getting a second date after that.
What are your top 5 movies of all time?|Shawshank  The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly  Unforgiven  Goodfellas  The Great Escape  Many, many honorable mentions
What are the best ways to quickly improve your health?|Cut sugar out. Eat less, move more.
What random stranger do you still think about?|Whenever I go to the airport, I think about that one girl I met when I was like 4, in Miami. She spoke Spanish and back then I only spoke French. Yet we managed to become bff in a matter of minutes. She was so damn generous with all her toys and she drew me a picture as a parting gift. She was so nice. I wonder who she's become.
Reddit, what was the latest good thing that happened to you?|I got accepted for an interview at a graduate school! :)
Excluding ramen, what is your favorite college student meal?|Little Caesar's.   Pay $12+ for a cafeteria meal or walk across the street and get a $5 pizza?   (and this was in 2005 money!).  I completely burnt myself out on it, though, and still can't stomach it anymore.
What game have you spent the most hours playing?|World of Warcraft
What is the most controversial film of all time?|"Birth of a Nation (1915).
A film that valorizes the Ku Klux Klan becomes a huge, nationwide hit and even gets screened at the White House. D.W. Griffith’s landmark, three-hour epic The Birth of Nation was controversial for its racism even in 1915. Set during and after the Civil War, the film glamorizes the rise of the KKK, who (according to the film) “restored” order during the Reconstruction of the South."
Students, What is the problem of education?|We teach memorization, not application. So I can know what things are, but not how to use it in life or work. We treat kids like full time workers and give them enough homework that a 14 year old's schooling is basically like working a full time job and a part time job every day without any benefit because again, it's memorization instead of how to actually use this information. We put more focus and funding on extra curricular activities that will not become careers for 99% of the students (Football.) and underfund actual career options for the rest of them. (Woodworking, cooking, hell even music and art can employ more people than that bullshit.)
What is the most interesting “rabbit hole” that you found on the Internet?|TV Tropes will suck you in for hours. It's really interesting, though! I think it has actually made me a more educated viewer when it comes to common practices in the films and TV shows that I love.
What do you miss the most from the 1990s?|"Turning on the TV and not being inundated with a 24 hour news cycle of doom and gloom ""breaking news"", talking about terrorist attacks, being perpetually at war, and seemingly irreparable political polarisation."
Non-Pot Smokers of Reddit who think Cannabis should be legalized federally, what are your reasons?|Cannabis is less harmful than alcohol or tobacco, both of which are legal. The only reason to make something illegal is if it causes serious harm, and cannabis simply doesn't. Prohibition doesn't work; it never has. Legalise, Tax and Regulate is by far the better strategy. The number of people in prison for possession of cannabis causes real, demonstrable harm to people, families, and communities. Short version, there's really no reason for cannabis to be illegal in the first place.
You’re turning 26, have a car and $500 to blow. How do you spend your first birthday alone?|Save $450, and spend $50 drinking. Then when you wake up you still have $450, which is a really good birthday present to yourself.
Going on a 12-hour plane flight in a week... what are some good ways to pass the time?|Sleep. It’s cool, it’s like you blink and hours already have passed
What are some cliché Reddit comments?|Edit: thanks for the gold!
Reddit, for those of you who have invested real money into cryptocurrency, why did you do it?|My roommate put like 5k into Dogecoin, thinking that it would skyrocket similarly to bitcoin. For the record, I have no idea how it's doing now, but he definitely was having trouble paying rent for a bit there.
What did age well?|Patrick Stewart
What will your last words be before you die?|Hey guys! Watch this!
What's your biggest first world problem?|i hate when you finish a cup of yogurt or pudding or something like that and you don’t want to get up to put the spoon in the sink so you just leave it sitting in the cup but the spoon is too tall for the cup and it falls over
What is something that you have tried once but will never do again?|'Secret' wing sauce. It was an honest mistake on the waitress' part. I wolfed down 6 of the hottest wings they had before the heat kicked on. I thought they were zesty ranch. ***THEY WEREN'T ZESTY RANCH***
For 24 hours, you own a megaphone that anything you say into it will be heard by every person on Earth. What do you say?|“so anything I saw into this megaphone can be heard all around the world?” and then just say that in every language
If the zombie apocalypse kicked off in your immediate vicinity right now (let's assume sprinters for fun), what are the first 3 things you would do?|"* Get bit
* Die
* Start Sprinting"
Well hydrated Redditors: How do you feel that your life is better or worse from drinking so much water?|I have more energy when I drink enough water in a day.
People who have gone deaf, what memories of sound do you have?|The last thing I heard was Donald Trump speaking. So now whenever I see lips move I hear Donald Trump speaking.
Truckers of Reddit, what is something most people don't know about your job?|Apparently they leave their shoes on the step up to the door and drive away without realizing it. That is why you always see those lonely single shoes on the side of the highway.
What is the best way to make someone feel uncomfortable?|"Simply say ""Remember me from a long time ago?"" If they say no, just smile and say ""Think about it"" smile and leave. This happened to me once a couple of years ago and I am still confused."
You are going to be directing an all human live action Pokemon movie. Who do you cast as your favorite Pokemon?|Danny DeVito as every Pokémon.
Dear Reddit, what is the first thing that comes to your mind when you look at yourself in the mirror?|just because you have 2 eyes, 2 nostrils, and 2 ears doesnt mean you need 2 chins
What are the perfect words to hear right when you wake up?|You can sleep for another hour.
Over a beer, God admits there is a design flaw in his creation. What is it?|Should've never put trachea and esophagus in the same place. Amateur design mistake that's led to many poor user experiences.
What situation did you think you would do well in until you were actually in it?|Actual fighting scenarios. Probably you would’ve imagined all possible counters and attacks, but when you’re put to the test, everything just sorts of blacks out.
What the weirdest thing that you heard or saw, while using a public toilet?|I heard someone humming the Star Wars theme song while taking a dump.
If everything you say becomes true, what will you say?|That I can’t lie
Dentists of reddit, what was the worst set of teeth you've ever had to work on? How did it turn out?|Serious question: Do y'all ever intervene with people with suspected eating disorders? I suspected that my favorite professor in college was probably bulimic because she was very thin, always did her hair and makeup, but had rotten teeth. It made me sad.
TIL about the saiga antelope. What are some other species of animal that often go without notice?|water deer, which is like a deer but with big ol fangs
Your top Reddit comment is the first thing you say in a job interview: how's that gonna work out?|I think me talking about the darknet is not a good way to get the job in most cases
What’s a good proverb you know?|Many a man's mouth broke his nose.
What are your two favorite movies? combine them. What's this new movie about?|Rocky would be fighting the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park. I’d watch it.
what books have you read that you wish everyone would?|Flowers for Algernon. Taught me so much. I cried so much at the end..10/10 recommend it to everyone.
What is the stupidest thing that you’ve ever heard someone say?|"When walking past the Watergate Hotel in Washington D.C.: My friend: ""Wow, look at that! It's the Watergate Hotel!"" Me: *internally marveling at the history and remembering reading All The Presidents Men* My Friend: ""You'd think they'd lose money, naming it after a scandal like that."" Me: *brain explodes*"
What’s something that IS worth the extra money?|Good shoes when on your feet ALL day.
What is the single biggest dick move in the history of mankind?|"""I have the cure for a very problematic disease that has run rampant throughout history... Lemme jack the price of that shit up"""
What innocent phrase becomes creepy/weird if you pluralize a single word?|I love what you've done with your hairs
Hey reddit! How did you get the job?|A written grammar test followed by an interview with the vice principal, another interview with the principal, an hour long 'demonstration lesson' to ten English teachers (Who were instructed to act as bad students and ask difficult questions while filming me on a video camera) and finally a third interview with all the teachers asking me various questions for an hour (Also on camera to be reviewed after I had left). All in one morning.
Nuclear weapons put a stop to WW2, what futuristic weapon will put a stop to WW3?|Laser pointers tied to the end of a stick. The stick is then again tied to a cat.  There is no escape. No end. Chaos and entropy reigns supreme.
What’s an obvious scam that people still fall for?|Rick rolls still get people
What's everyone's favourite podcast to listen to?|99% Invisible.  They do little stories about the history and impact of “hidden” objects that you don’t think about much, but that actually have a huge impact on society. Ones I remember off the top of my head are fish ladders, shipping containers, algorithms, the architecture style in San Fransisco’s Chinatown, and the model who posed for most of the early 1900s statues and frescoes in NYC architecture (you know all those stately women carved into the sides of buildings? Those were of a person!) And the production value of them is just crazy-high. Great sound editing and amazing interviews and writing.
Who would you give $339.57 right now?|That is a very specific amount of money...
What was your first job and what did you learn from it?|mcdonalds at 16 and i learned that people are shit and that the world is a dark sad crazy place and that happiness is an illusion
Reddit, what's your reason to live?|Fear of death
What was acceptable when you were young that is considered morally reprehensible now?|Putting lead in toys.
What’s one weird involuntary quirk you have?|I can make any situation uncomfortable just by opening my mouth or putting my fingers on my keyboard.
When was the first time you realized you were an adult and not a kid anymore?|when i had to pay bill$$$.
Police officers of Reddit, what stupid things have people nervously said around you and instantly regretted?|"My father was a cop for many years and one of  his favorite arrest stories was when he pulled someone over for simple traffic violation, I think he didn't do a full stop for a stop sign. When my father asked ""do you know why I pulled you over?"" The gentleman responded ""yea yea it's because of all the cocaine in the trunk."" After my father read him his rights and was putting him in the back of his car, my dad asked ""just out of curiosity, how did you know I knew you had drugs in the back"". The man ushered to the radar detector in the front and said ""I saw the drug detector on the dash and I knew you had me"". My father still laughs about this one 20 years later."
Athletic people of reddit, what are your music playlists for working out?|Usually audiobooks.
Non-English speakers; What are some jokes that work in your native language but don't work in English?|"In Russian ""to sit on something"" = to be addicted to it.  
Person 1: Lets sell all chairs in the house!  
Person 2: On what are we supposed to sit on?  
Person 1: On heroin!"
Replace a word in a movie with the word gravy, what is the movie about now?|There will be gravy
What is your earliest memory?|https://i.redd.it/pw1t732j8mvz.jpg
Your life ends in 30 seconds. What would be your last words?|"""Well, shit."""
What gets worse the more you try to fix it?|That piece of skin on your thumb
What’s the one thing you won’t cheap out on when buying?|Shoes...
If you won the lottery for 100 million dollars today, what would you change your career to?|[Unemployed]
What can you do to make masturbation even more satisfying?|I nailed a few spikes through my bedroom wall. Occasionally, I like to boil up about six or seven cobs and drive them into the spikes to keep them suspended a few feet off the ground. it frees my hands up so I can eat corn on the cob while I crank it. I don't even have to watch porn, eating corn is plenty stimulating.
What's the literal plot of a movie based on it's title alone?|Cabin in the woods is an hour and a half of a still image of a cabin in the woods.
"What issues will be the ""gay marriage"" or ""abortion rights"" of 2070?"|Clones are people too
What is something you regret not doing as a child?|Having a longer childhood. We spend so much time & energy trying to become adults, we forget to enjoy our childhoods.
What are some of the pros and cons of 'disconnecting' oneself by getting rid of cell phones, tablets, etc?|I deleted facebook and my mental health has shot up the last few weeks. I also got rid of my cell phone except for doctor calls and I have a  lot less stress; I write letters to people I actually care about, I go out and about a lot more and and more 'present' than ever before, since I struggled *a lot* with depersonalization/derealization from my anxiety. Forcing myself into the real world has helped me get over a bad panic disorder, it can help people find balance and focus on the things that actually matter so they don't keep getting distracted by popularity contests.
What would be the perfect last words?|Told you so.
Which British dialect sounds the sexiest?|Cornish! Oid loike to give you a roight royal seein' too, moi darlin'!
What was your worst interview experience?|"I walked into the office, and there were boxes strewn everywhere and trash by the front desk. I should have walked out then, but I was a new grad desperate for a job, so I stayed. It was 100+ degrees F outside, and the AC was definitely not on because I started to sweat as soon as I walked in. I waited in the lobby area for 15 minutes, past the time of the scheduled interview. No one came to greet me, so I just waited. A UPS delivery person came and asked me to sign for a package, and wouldn't leave me alone when I insisted that I didn't work there.  After another 5 minutes or so, I heard yelling from down the hall. I couldn't make it out, but I figured it was better to make it known that I was there than to continue to wait. The yelling man acknowledged me briefly by yelling at me for interrupting his ""important call"". Finally I was able to communicate to him that I was there for the receptionist position. He tells me to wait in the lobby, so I go back. Ten minutes later, someone *finally* comes to get me. She is a short woman, severe with a RBF type of face. She asks me why I was there, and I explained that I was there for the interview. She disappears and I wait another several minutes. At this point, I've been there for over half an hour. The woman eventually comes back, rudely ushers me into the conference room, and has me sit down across from her. She then spent fifteen minutes scrutinizing every part of my resume, down to the font size. She accused me of spending all of my time at work on Facebook and online shopping, and said she wouldn't keep me on longer than one day if she caught me doing anything on my work computer other than answering vendor inquiries and filing invoices. After another few minutes of this, she asks me if I have any questions. When I say no (I had already decided not to pursue this job further), she berates me for not being well-prepared, and that any decent candidate would have good questions. I just said...okay, and excused myself. It was the most WTF experience I had while interviewing for jobs. The crazy part is that she called me a week later to let me know that I had the job, and that I should come in to meet the owner (the yelling man from earlier). I laughed and hung up the phone. Never again."
Reddit, what is the best song to break a bad mood?|Don’t Stop Me Now - Queen
How did you learn to be humble?|Went to graduate school and was constantly surrounded by people starter than me. Edit: they could even spell smarter.
Fast food workers, what is the craziest meal you have made on the job for personal consumption?|"At Wendy's we would make what we called ""The Cholesterol Burger""; 4 patties with 2 slices of cheese and 6 slices of bacon between each burger."
What's the worst emotional breakdown you've seen in a friend or family member?|My little brother. I have depression and the last thing I wanted was for my siblings to go through it. And now, he is.
What is the most awkward thing a girl has ever said to you?|"I still don't understand it.
She was drunk. I was drunk. We just met. We flirted.
We were on a friend's front porch, waiting for that friend to come back with food. We kept flirting, but neither one of us made a move. We were also getting hungrier and wondering what kind of food our friend would bring back. We hoped for pizza and salad from this trendy pizza place nearby.
Somehow, the two desires (hunger and flirting) got crisscrossed in her head. She turned towards me, leaned close, gazed into my eyes, and in a seductive voice said, ""If I was salad, how hard would you rape me?"""
What truly, lasts forever?|Credit card debt.
What’s an everyday object that we put a lot of trust in, but in reality is pretty unreliable?|Our banks.
What’s an experience that really made you an adult?|the first time I cooked bacon
If you had no Internet for a month; What would you be doing?|Reading books
What does it take for a person to become a true artist?|I feel like it's when you NEED to do art, like you need that outlet in your life and it throws you out of wack to not do it. I have long periods where I don't make any art but I always come back to it when I start feeling crazy.
What is something you have discovered completely by accident and now cannot imagine your life without it?|Reddit.
Redditors who quit drinking, what made you decide to quit?|It just didn’t fit with me anymore.  And now with having MS, drinking causes me physical pain.  So yeah, haven’t had an actual drink in 3 years.
What are you feeling guilty about right now?|I don't think I love my wife anymore. Yes she cheated on me and we're going through counseling but I don't feel like I love her. I love my son and daughter too much to just up and leave.
What's a sentence that sounds normal today, but would make no sense 50 years ago?|Just text me the address and I'll use the gps to find it
If people had stats like video games, who would have had the highest HP?|Rasputin
What are you surprised still hasn’t been invented?|Fully wireless charging where your devices charge within the proximity of a router that gives off power
You're in charge of making your clone turned on. What do you do?|show her proof of mothmans existence
Where do you see mankind in 25 years?|Hopefully between some AI-Robo-Tiddies^^TM
What's something that randomly came into your life that you now can't live without?|Reddit
Everyone on Earth receives one 6 foot long 2x4 wooden plank to make a weapon for a global fight to the death. What do you make with your plank?|I'll just take it as it is and get whacking.
What do parents often forget when dealing with teenagers?|Every teenager deserves privacy. I know you're used to dressing them, cleaning their room, and being around them 24/7 but if you don't let them be by themselves and have their own space, they'll resent you.
What parenting mistakes do you vow not to inflict on your own kids, having experienced it yourself?|Depending entirely on other people to teach my children about life.
What would you do differently if the Internet never existed?|Masturbation
You've been selected at the last minute to be a part of the first Mars colony. You only have time to pack one carry-on, what do you toss in there?|A kindle with a shitload of books downloaded onto it, some notebooks, a vibrator, my favorite clothes, my collection of cards/letters from loved ones, a deck of playing cards & some dice
What's the most BORING movie you've ever seen?|Captain Phillips. The only movie I fell asleep on at the movie theaters.
Tell the person next to you love them. What's their reaction?|I'm alone, there is no one next to me.
In 1 hour, the internet is going to be shut down forever. What's your plan for the next 60 minutes?|Masturbate.
What phone case do you have on?|I don't, i like to live dangerously.
Redditors who sleep soundly through the night, what's your secret?|Do enough throughout the day that you’re exhausted by bedtime.
What steps can a male introvert realistically take to find a girlfriend?|Focus on activities instead of on socializing.  Find organizations to join: campus clubs, co-ed sports, church groups, community service organizations, etc.; anything you have an interest in.  This gets you out and meeting people with an activity to distract you (and potential girlfriends) from the pressure of being social.   You're more likely to feel like yourself and be at ease, and that's what it takes to find a genuine shared connection and to click with someone. Parties and clubs and bars are *the worst* places for introverts to meet new people.
What is your favorite short and powerful quote?|"""There are no mistakes; just happy accidents"" - Bob Ross Or anything you can find on r/GetMotivated"
What does your country have the most of?|Bogans
"What was your ""I need to change my life"" moment?"|When I came out of a six-day coma following a suicide attempt. Decided to go to a dual-diagnosis rehab, to get help for my addictions and depression. Stayed seven months. Hardest fucking thing I've ever done.  Currently have 10.5 months clean, and I've never been happier.
What are some jobs you can do remotely?|I.T Support Engineer - Most of it remote support.
What's your favorite One Hit Wonder?|Take on me - Ah-ha
Without checking their history, what are ways you can tell someone is new to Reddit?|My favourite one is people who use AskReddit for actual advice or questions they could simply google.
Hey reddit, what's your drink?|Tea.
If your life was a movie, what song would be playing during the credits?|The theme song to Doug.
What is the most wasteful thing your company is currently doing?|Paying my salary while I browse Reddit.
Women of Reddit, what don't men understand about the female body?|Hormones fuck us up physically and mentally.  It's not our choice, and we're not exaggerating.
What keeps you up at night?|Winning arguments 2 years ago
What’s something you can never do slow?|Go fast.
Hotheads of Reddit: What are all the things you put hot sauce on and what is your favourite sauce?|Fuckin' everything. Lately I've been digging a Jamaican scotch bonnet pepper sauce.
If Roses are Red & Violets are Blue, what sucks about Valentines Day?|Spending money that i would rather spend on something worth while.. but to make up for it I honor the Roman tradition of whipping my missus with the hide of a slain goat
Delivery drivers, what are some of the weirdest things you've encountered while delivering to someone's house?|some dog tried to hump me and the owner got mad
"Why Do Christians, Muslims And Jews Say ""Amen""?"|">Amen is a word that came to English from Latin, which got it from Greek, which got it from Aramaic, which got it from Hebrew (technically, Aramaic may have had it anyway, before it became the standard language of the Jewish people a few centuries before the time of Christ). >It is difficult to translate this word directly, which is often a reason that words are borrowed from other languages (i.e., if there’s no direct way to translate this foreign word, just borrow it). >The specific Hebrew word amen (’amen ) appears to be derived from a related verb--’aman , which means ""he confirmed, supported, or upheld."" This verb is also associated with the Hebrew word for truth (’emet ),   Can't speak for other faith traditions but Catholics use it as a testament of faith. So when we are end our prayer often with amen, as a testament that we believe. Furthermore when we receive the Eucharist we say Amen as in we believe that this is Christ"
What would you do if you found a lost, wandering space alien?|I always want to have sex with something other than my coconuts. So yeah, I'll do those aliens
Former conspiracy theorists, what got you into it and why do you not believe anymore?|Well it all seemed logical until I realised these theories are all put out by the government and NASA, to distract us all from the real facts. That's when I realised the conspiracy theories are bullshit. ALL of them.
What is the dumbest thing you and a sibling have fought about as kids?|My mom was driving my sister and I up north for the weekend and stopped at A&W for lunch. We were in the way back of the station wagon and eating as my mom drove on and my sister begins to tell me how her ketchup packs were strawberry because of the pictures of strawberries on the packs. I informed her those were pictures of tomatoes because that is what ketchup is made of but being a little sister she stuck to her guns even as I began to rain down a fury of blows. Needless to say my mom pulled over, popped the rear hatch and smacked me around for beating on my sister. I bet my sister doesn't even remember this story.
What made you quit Facebook, and how has it affected you?|"When they announced they were getting into the facial recognition gig, for ""[my] privacy."" Bullspit. You're going to build a database, you're going to sell it to advertisers, and they're going to partner with brick-and-mortar locations to ping ""special Facebook only deals!"" to my phone when the location's security camera recognizes me."
Why are you insecure about yourself?|Lifetime of mockery and ridicule from others.
What happens re medical bills in the USA when there is a major incident e.g 9/11? Are people still charged the same??|http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/25/pf/insurance/las-vegas-shooting-health-care/ They are still charged, yep.
Teens of reddit, what do you wish your parents would understand?|That I can't pause my online game.
English people of Reddit, who dafuq is this Bob guy and why would I want him to be my uncle?|He married Fanny and she is just as important.
How do you deal with burnout?|Take care of yourself, you have to be selfish at this point. Search for help if you feel you need it. Talk, talk, talk. Don't keep this to yourself, it will consume you from the inside. Good luck! <3
What's the coolest thing that ever happened to you?|"I was on a square in a small village in Italy. Being the tallest person on the square I was pushed forward, someone asked me if I wanted to play. Not knowing what to do or expect I was blindfolded and given a bat. Being Dutch I understand nothing except for ""stahp means stop and go means start"" which are directions I could've done without. So there I was in the middle of a square, surrounded by laughing locals trying to hit a moving ceramic pot. It took about 2 minutes to hit it, but it felt like it took me 15. When I hit the pot and shattered it (after hitting it with my hand 3 times before that) someone grabbed the bat and I heard children running around. Apparently, candy fell out of the pot and they were running to get it. In the pot was a sausage, some cookies and a coupon for a pizza in the only pizza place of that town. It was a very unique but interesting experience and there were a lot of really kind people, even though we could hardly understand each other. TL;DR: smashed a pot in a square while being laughed at."
You are suddenly gifted with one really low end superpower, what is it and how do you use it for as much personal or mutual gain possible?|The power to turn off my phone and go to sleep. I'd be so much more productive and happy at work.
What’s the story behind something you now do as a habit?|Anytime I'm in a car and I smell a skunk on the road I immediately think of Pokemon Crystal because as a kid I would always play it in the backseat of a car when I was on road trips with my family. I didn't realize the correlation until last year but I've been doing it for as long as I can remember.
Koreans of Reddit: In honor of this weeks olympics, what are some interesting things about Korea that we probably don’t know?|- Porn is blocked by the government - Compulsory military service is a big deal that most Korean males go through. - How attractive you are and where you go to university matter a lot. - People really don’t hate Japan. - Drugs are extremely rare, although you might have some luck finding marijuana near foreigner populated areas such as Itaewon and Gangnam - Hierarchy exists in pretty much every aspect of Korean life (Age, Military, University, Workplace) - People are expected to follow certain etiquettes when dealing with their superiors. - A lot of office workers are pressured into working overtime and going out for drinks after work with their superiors. - Entertainment and computer games are a huge part of Korean culture. - There are pretty cool water parks here in Korea.
What isn't well know about the Vietnam War that is actually quite interesting?|Nixon interfered with peace negotiations while Johnson was president in order to improve his own chances of being elected president. This was illegal, and Johnson knew Nixon was doing it but couldn't make this public because it would reveal his intelligence sources.
"We have pens for women and now Doritos for women; how would you modify other products to be ""for women""?"|More pants with pockets for women.  A lot of nice pants for women come with no pockets, or worse yet, fake pockets.
What’s a sentence someone might shoot you for saying in public?|Please shoot me here in public.
What’s the best song of all time?|Toto by africa
What watch would you wear if you were going to war? And why?|I'd strap Captain America's shield to my wrist and write 12 O'clock on it because freedom.
What’s something you spend too much time on?|"I said ""lol"" in a conversation the other day.  No one noticed but I wanted to kill myself."
Casino workers of Reddit, what’s the best cheating attempt you’ve seen?|"He had his wife go cash in chips ""so they wouldn't be tempted"" and he arranged a liaison with a hooker while she was gone."
What is gender in your eyes?|It's the sexual organs you're born with as far as I'm concerned. I know that's seen as a somewhat archaic way of thinking these days but that's my personal interpretation of it. Edit: And for the record I'm not against trans people, if that's what you need to do to make yourself happy then more power to you, I respect that. I don't however like being shamed because the way I'm wired is to only be attracted to CIS women.
What is your most memorable one night stand?|I had one night stand that was sturdy as hell. I think it was solid oak or something. Stored a whole bunch of miscellaneous shit in it for years, and just when I thought it couldn't fit anymore shit, I somehow had more room. Like a mundane tardis.
What is the hardest thing you've ever had to do in a video game?|Stop playing it
What movie do you hate that everyone else loves?|Alice in Wonderland, the Tim Burton one. Boring, aimless, poorly acting-directed schlock that's about as entertaining as a tepid glass of water.
What's your favorite card game and how does it work?|Magic: The Gathering And it'd take a while
"What's your ""Screw this, I'm out!"" moment?"|Whenever Kyle, Stan, and Kenny won't do what I want them to.
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done at an amusement park?|"I was riding a roller coaster for the first time. Everyone around me was yelling so loudly and having a great time I thought ""*I bet I could yell anything right now and get away with it.*"" 
So I took a deep breath in and shouted ""Haha yeah! Then he *fucked* my *ass!*"" and all the people in the carts surrounding mine went dead silent and just looked at me."
What are your thoughts on Ivanka Trump?|I wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers.
Americans supporting the Trump immigration ban, how and why did your ancestors immigrate here?|"Do you even know the details of the ""ban""?"
People with short temper, why is that?|WHAT THE FUCK’S IT GOT TO DO WITH YOU?!
How do you like your tacos?|*Plentiful*
What are you very skilled at but no one knows about it?|Thanks to teaching arts and crafts at summer camps, my boondoggle skills are unrivaled
"If you could ""CTRL-Z"" your life, how far back would you go?"|I wouldn't.  I've fucked up and there's been some painful moments (more than a few, actually), but I'm in a really good place right now.   And if I changed anything, I wouldn't have the same experiences or worldview, and I ultimately wouldn't be me.  I like who I am.
What was the incident at your school?|High as fuck dude running bollock naked through the halls. Not a staff member or student, just some dude off the street.
We usually try to dis our old partners but let's switch it up a bit. Reddit, what was something you loved and still love about one of your exes?|She was very good at delegation. Like the time she got her friend to break up with me on her behalf.
Within the last month, what has changed your life for the better?|Going to the optometrist to see what changes I need to make, then making them and already seeing improvement.
How accurate are AncestryDNA tests?|"I took and AncestryDNA test and just got my results back yesterday. The test is showing that I have a first cousin, and share a few second cousins with the same person. I do not know this person and have never heard his name in my life. The test score came back as ""extremely high"", which means according to Ancestry, it's virtually 100% accurate that he is in fact my first cousin. Has this happened to other people? Could there be a mix-up at the lab or is it more likely that one of my grandparents had a child my family doesn't know about? My head is hurting thinking of the possibilities!!"
What’s a good dog breed, that not too many people know about?|Basenji
What is a phrase that could hurt anyone’s feelings?|I never really loved you.
What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of ice cream?|Pralines and Dick
People with SOs who celebrate Valentines Day, why do you do it?|Because, contrary to popular belief, I (Man) enjoy it as well. No, this isn't the only day we celebrate our relationship, but an additional one. Also, there are usually special events that are going on during these 'holidays'. Our local old (1915) small time cinema is playing 'The Princess Bride' and both of us haven't seen that in ages, much-less in the theater. So, why not. Why not go out and spend time with the person you enjoy? I don't understand all the backlash... single, or not.
You got abducted by an alien race who know nothing about mankind. Your life and the existence of humanity depends on what you do next. The alien leader asks you, as it is tradition with their people, to sing a song representing your species. What song would you sing and why?|Puff, The Magic Dragon
What is the best way to cope with crippling depression?|See a doctor. If your depression is crippling, you need a medical intervention. There's nothing a little yoga and a diet change is going to do for that level of depression.  Do you talk to a counselor or therapist?
People who dropped out of high school, where are you now and do you regret dropping out?|Nobody will admit regretting this.
Which two famous people do you always get confused?|For a long time I wondered why a drag queen (Ru Paul) was in the US Congress (Rand Paul). Granted this was going by name similarity only.
What will be the dying words of the last human?|"""what is this button?"""
what event inspired you to pursue the field of work you're in right now?|unemployment and eventual starvation.
This might be a dumb question, but when you’re asked what city you were born in, do you use the city the hospital is in or the city you lived in for the first part of your life?|Born in is the hospital location. Where you from is where you grew up.
Men of reddit, what characteristics would your perfect woman posess?|Understanding, funny, 16 arms, and glasses.
What do you think about when you’re falling asleep?|u mom
What's your worst Valentine's Day memory?|All of them
People of Reddit who disagree with marijuana legalization, what are your reasons?|there isn't enough education about it in schools/public yet. The older you are the more harmless it is, but it can have big changes on a developing teen age brain. Much safer to use at age 23+ . Same with alcohol.
What movies made in the 21st century will become classics?|Lord of the Rings trilogy.
What is your first memory?|barnies diaper watching barney with my father rocking my in something. I don't remember his face too well or really any detail just enough color blobs to know whats what.
What was the stupidest bet that you made, but won?|That I could eat an entire brown paper bag.
What was something you worked really hard on that ended up being a waste of time?|Most of my relationships
What is the most antisocial thing you’ve done?|Called a noise complaint on a party at my own house because I wanted to go to bed.
New Year's Resolutioners of Reddit, what was your resolution and have you kept it one month in? Why or why not?|My resolution was to be more decisive but I'm not *sure* if I kept it or not.
People who refuse to touch the handle/flusher on a public toilet, why? You realise that sinks and soap exist, right?|Sometimes the soap dispenser is empty and that's a risk me and my sweet little hands aren't willing to take.
How would you feel about a law that would require drug and alcohol testing before being eligible for government benifets?|I'm pretty sure that most of the times it's been tried, it ended up costing more than it was worth.
What is your answer to “What is your biggest weakness?” Interview question?|3 parts: truth, how it interferes with your work, and how by recognizing it you overcome it.  My biggest weakness is that I am very self-critical. It causes me to doubt myself even when I am correct and can cause projects to take longer than they need to. I've learned to manage it by channeling it into my proofreading and editing process and learning to notice when it goes from constructive criticism to insecure nitpicking.
What are some great collaborations in music?|Metallica & the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra
Those who had only had one sexual partner and broke up with them to have sex with other people, was it worth it?|That's a stupid reason to break up with someone.
Which movie has the best wise old man?|Not a movie but Uncle Iroh from The Last Air Bender series.
What’s something you remember from your childhood you later found out wasn’t real?|When I was little my sister's told me to hide under there bed and they would tell my parents I ran away while they where at work. I hid under there for what felt like hours and finally my sister came and got me. I was told that my parents called the police and where out serching for me for hours and that my mom cried when my sister told her where I was. In reality I was under that bed for 2 hour and my parents new exactly where I was my sister's just wanted a break from me :/
What actors play the same kind of character in every movie they are in?|Jeff Goldblum has played Jeff Goldblum for a long time now
AriZona Tea is made in New York, what other lies have we been believing?|The London Bridge also being in Arizona is one that I couldn't wrap my head around for a bit.
What food we consume frequently is seriously dangerous to our health?|Sugar/High Fructose Corn Syrup
You're trapped in an elevator with everyone you've ever slept with. How's everyone getting on?|The elevator is now over its weight limit and nobody can move. I’ll let you decide if I’m a manwhore or just a chubby chaser.
Drill Instructors of Reddit, who are some of the more interesting recruits you've seen come through boot camp?|I was never a drill instructor, but those guys must go to comedy classes.  I was in trouble most often for laughing at the funny things they said.
"What's your ""emergency room visit"" story?"|"Went to a therapist for the first time to get treatment for depression. She called the police on me (because I was a ""suicide risk"" or some shit) and I was escorted to the hospital. Sat in the ER for 6 and a half hours waiting. Finally got sent to a mental health ward. It was not an enjoyable experience."
When did you realize you were finally over your breakup?|When you can think about your ex with another person and not want to blow your brains out. That’s usually a good indicator.
How do you know when not to trust somebody?|When they tell you other people's secrets
What's the sweetest thing your pet has done?|"I can tell when my dog is dreaming when he starts to exhale heavily and when he lets out this ""whoop"" sound. I'll usually let him be, but on the off chance that I think that it's getting a little too intense and if the sound turns into a whimper, I'll wake him up. One night I was nearing the end of a dream at the point where you're kind of halfway between asleep and awake. I can't remember the details of the dream, all I know is that it was either a nightmare or just very stressful. As I was waking up I realized I was feeling something making repeated contact with my chest, and I opened my eyes to see my dog sitting over me batting his paw at me. Once I made eye contact with him he stopped, sat for a second, and then went back to his bed on the floor. I figure I must have been breathing irregularly or something, and he just thought that he needed to return the favour and get me out of my dream."
what is your favourite Ben and Jerry's flavour?|Cherry Garcia
What is something about you would never tell someone the first time you met?|I comment on Reddit
People with kids: how did you tell your parents that they’re going to become grandparents?|No ones ever asked me this story and I’m so excited to tell it right now!  I went to the mall and got a shirt that said “this girl is going to be a mommy.”  I took my mom out to lunch. We went shopping. All day she didn’t read it!!  Finally we got home, I asked her if she liked my shirt. Instant tears and excitement. It was amazing.
What unpopular or not very well known food do you love to eat?|Kitfo, it is a Ethiopian beef tartare dish. Almost nobody I know has ever had Ethiopian food unless I take them, and that shit is *amazing*.
Caffeine addicts of reddit: Why do you drink your coffee black?|It tastes better. I drink coffee because I actually like the taste of coffee.
Where’s the best place ever for people watching?|Walmart
What have your parents grounded you for that they shouldn't have?|My foster dad grounded me (one and only time) because he didn't like my then boyfriend and he thought that if he forbade me from seeing him, I would come to my senses. I didn't do anything wrong, I wasn't late, grades weren't slipping... He just didn't like the guy and as a result, I was grounded for 'bad judgment '.
Dog Owners of reddit: what's your best advice for a first time dog owner?|spend the time training when it is a puppy.  hours each day.  both you and your dog will be happier for it.
If you get a golden opportunity to travel to India, how will you react?|I’d curry and pack my things.
"What's your ""Shit has hit the fan"" experience?"|Birth.
Redditors who didn't brush their teeth when they were younger, how are your teeth now?|What teeth?
What's the best thing you could do for someone who is about to pass away?|Finish their Pokedex
Reddit: what’s one company you will never support again and why?|Currys or PC World or whatever they are going by now a UK electronic retailer for those who are interested. They pressure you to sell aftercare to customers who refuse and even encourage you to just put it through o  their card without the customers consent. The management are the most undertrained and unqualified people who don't have a backbone and won't take your side against upper management or customers. They will also throw you under the bus just to help them progress or make their store figures look good by shifting the blame to you. I don't know why I spent 2 and a half years at that place but I will not return nor do I recommend them to any of my friends or family. Also have not purchased anything from this company in 3 years.
What cover version of a song do you like more than the original?|All Along The Watch Tower Hendrix's version is far better than Dylan's.
What’s a fun or interesting way you keep track of where you’ve traveled?|I saw someone tattoo an entire world map on their back, and whenever they visited a country, they'd fill it. So it'd be only the borders for the countries you havent visited and full colours for the countries you've visited.
"Scottish people of Reddit, no offense but why is your ""English"" dialect so different from others?"|You haven’t traveled much in the UK, have you? Talk to old people who haven’t been stripped of their linguistic heritage by RP-centric schooling. The dialects and accents are absolutely fascinating. There are so many of them. You can tell whence they come and what social class they were born in just by listening to how they speak English.
What has NEVER been said?|"""That concert you snapchatted to me sounded really good!"""
Are more people allergic to peanuts and other things now than they were 100 years ago? If so, why?|"Yes. It's called the ""Hygiene Hypothesis"" and it postulates that the rise in autoimmune disorders such as allergies, and even asthma, is due to our living in an overly sterilized developed world. Essentially, think of your immune system as a police force. As you're growing, the police for gets exposed to lots of small time criminals and learns how to spot them and how to deal with them over time. Having a healthy and properly formed immune system requires exposure to some substantial degree of bacteria. When people are not exposed to that, the immune system can be malformed, becoming hyperactive and perceiving non-threatening particles as bad. The body's police force doesn't get good training, and starts stopping and frisking every piece of pollen that strays into its city. Research into the human microbiome  is a pretty big field right now, and this idea has a lot to do with it. I can get into more of the specifics, and the evidence in support of the hypothesis, as well as potential ways of combatting it if anyone is curious."
How, exactly, does one shit on a wall?|my dog shit all over the wall once. lightning struck close to the house and literally scared the shit out of him. it was like the bathtub scene in hall pass.
What is literally the worst?|Probably dying in a horribly painful way like burning to death.
It's early on a Tuesday, what's the most interesting thing you've done so far today?|i realised at 11am that i had gone to work with yesterdays undies inside the leg of my jeans :)
If you could write the words to your eulogy and pic who said them, who would say what?|Morgan Freeman would be reading me a bed time story. That is all.
Hey reddit, what do you think is the most iconic movie scene of all time?|for me id say the water in the glass trembling as the t-rex approaches in jurassic park.
How would the world be different if how much money you were currently worth was displayed in a number above your head?|Muggings would be more targeted
What is your main hobby?|reddit and depression
In 40 years what will people be nostalgic for?|When the internet was filled with anonymous pseudonyms and everything you did online wasn't tracked back to your Real ID.
Who was the worst teacher you've ever had?|statistics teacher at the university, let's call him Mr. K: To be allowed to take the final exam, we had to write some report in teams of 2. I teamed up with my roommate who happened to be in the same course. We wrote lots of team-assignments together and work well as a team: we sit together in front of one laptop and one of us writes while the other one wanders around and comes up with full sentences or just words/synonymes. We switch after a while.  So Mr K. now said 1 week before we had to hand in the assignment that we have to mark which part of the assignment was done by whom. Impossible. So we could either lie and tell him that this half was done by me, and the other half by the roomie, or we could tell him that we worked in a way that we simply can not do that at all. We decided to do the latter. We thought this wouldn't be a problem at all since the report wasn't even graded or anything - it was just something you had to 'pass' to be allowed to take the exam.  He didn't buy it at all, since he somehow hated my roomie and thought he did absolutely nothing (he was working a lot and thus didn't attend the lecture much and just listened to the podcast afterwards, however presence wasn't mandatory so...). So he wrote  to both of us individually and told either of us that if we now mark the parts that either of us wrote, he would allow the person that was first to do so to take the exam.  Good thing though is that neither me nor the roomie fell for this. We straigh up went to the dean who then allowed both of us to take the goddamn test.
Teachers of reddit, what is the most outrageous excuse a student has made for uncompleted homework?|Not a teacher but in Grade 4 a classmate told the teacher his mother told him to go sleep and that's why his homework was not done.
What’s your best revenge story?|I was let go (along with the entire staff at a cheesesteak restaurant) because the owner wanted to hire illegals to save money. He closes one weekend a year, 4th of July weekend. The first night he closed, I climbed to the roof, punctured the freezer unit coils, So now the freezer is off. I took a very small furninshing nail, dipped it in a glue made to bond metal to metal, tapped it deep into the front and back door locks, they cant be seen by the naked eye. Three days later he goes to open, he cant, next day the locksmith has to remove the door, to discover a ton of rotten meat and melted ice cream.
how long should you leave a teabag in the cup before drinking the tea?|Depends on the tea, instructions are generally provided on the packaging. You should also check the temperature instructions, black tea needs boiling water but greens need water that has cooled a bit.
What would you of liked to learn when you were really young, and not as an adult?|How to socialise properly
Who is someone you used to listen and look up to, but you later realized was full of crap?|My parents
What name could give to a child when born, that would effect them good or bad in life?|I would name my boy Sue, because I would be a negligent father, and expect a name like that would toughen them up in my absence. I imagine we would get into a near-fatal bar fight years later because he recognized me and was so resentful. We would ultimately make up however. I would break down and cry and I would all the sudden be a great father without having to do any of the leg work.
Why were you suspended from school?|I got suspended from school for not going to school. I shit you not.
What’s the biggest animal you think you could take on and kill with your bare hands?|There is no animal too big for these hands to take down. Drop a blue whale on me and I'd suplex it back into the ocean with ease.
What was your first kiss like?|"Very disappointing. I bought Dynasty, because I only knew the one song and figured if I liked that song, id like the rest right? Wrong  I hated the album. 
They just ...... didnt have any balls in their music like AC/DC.  I can't remember if I gave that CD to someone or used it as a frisbee?"
People of Reddit who have experienced sleep paralysis, what was that like?|I was helpless while a set of long claws came over my bed and ripped the blankets off of me. I screamed and woke up to find myself paralyzed again. And hovering right above my face was a demonic woman
"What is the greatest thing you've ever read on ""Urban Dictionary""?"|the definition of chode.
Readers of Reddit - which character is your favorite unreliable narrator?|Kvothe- the name of the wind
Reddit, what are some things that help you fall asleep?|Melatonin
What's your favourite ad?|The Halloween Snickers ad. With the two kids dressed up as a witch or something similar and they are just pushing lots of bags of snickers into the ladies cart. I don't know why but it gets me every time.
Tattoo artists of Reddit: Have you or anyone you know of in the industry ever pulled the permanent-ink version of a waiter spitting in a bad customer's food? What happened? Or, what would be the last straw that made you do it?|"there are just too many ""crappy tattoos"" out there.... some of them gotta be intentional, and I want to know..."
Doritos will soon launch ‘Lady-Friendly’ Doritos that don’t crunch. What do you think about Doritos being too crunchy for Women?|I'm more curious how they are going to manage to make them not crunch, are they going to be soft?
How short was your shortest relationship?|"**Me:** ""Hello"" **Her:** *Changes seats*."
What would make you want to help aliens invade the Earth?|They almost certainly have a better system of government than any of us. At least it's worth a shot.
What is your a daily ritual that makes you happy?|Manual stimulation of my genitals in the mornings.
If you could add two cool things from any animals to your body, what would you pick and why?|"I wish that I had duck feet
And I can tell you why
You can splash around in duck feet
You don't have to keep them dry"
What is your greatest strength?|Work ethic when related to things that I enjoy doing. Ex: running
Been without Internet for 4 months in my new home and today's he day it returns, could you lovely lot please recommend your best games and TV shows?|If you're into sci-fi/cyperpunk at all, check out Altered Carbon on Netflix. I'm on ep 3 and so far it's amazing.
People who made a significant life change (went to college, joined the military, moved to another country), how did it work out?|I took an unknown length of absence from my job to go to rehab. Wound up being 8 months  (was also in treatment for depression). Currently have 2 years clean, and am pretty damn happy.
What is something that is common practice in one country, but illegal in another?|School Shootings. They're illegal in the UK but it's common practice in America.
Where would you take your date to have a horrible time?|Pokémon hunt
What was the creepiest thing that has happened to you after you bought and moved into a house?|Domestic partner on the title, moves in new lover, their collective friends don't kick me out of my own home, but stick around and harass me when I go into my house until I voluntarily move out of property that I own.
What observations of society have you made that you don't think are well documented?|Call me a pessimist but, DAMN are we a selfish race
People downtown who feed bread to tons of pigeons in the middle of a busy sidewalk.. why?|Why not?
Reddit, what do most people find interesting that you find immensely boring?|watching soccer games
When were you drunk or high at the wrong time?|At work.
What is your idea of a beautiful day?|good weather, good food and a good woman
Which products/services were used by people for totally different purpose then it was advertised for?|Tide pods
Redditors who has tried to make money online,What's your 'I got scammed' story?|Bitcoin...
What's a good name for a lizard?|Liz.  People will ask you 'Oh, short for Lizard?' and you say no short for Elizabeth.
What needs to just die off?|Hate
What's a good way to make new friends?|sports or any hobby you enjoy
What’s a good dog breed for active people?|German Shepherd Labs Golden Retriever Any Hound
Those who drink coffee, how do you like your coffee?|Black
What does lucid dreaming feel like?|It's basically sandbox mode for your dreams. When I've had lucid dreams I've told myself I wanted to fly so I flew. I wanted a katana and boom, katana. I would just advise against training yourself to lucid Dream because it can potentially result in trouble sleeping or attaining R.E.M. sleep.
People of reddit who refuse to use public bathrooms. How do you hold your Number 2?|I just hold it.
What will collapse society as we know it? When do you think it will happen?|Unnecessary textboxes  Autobot, Assemble!
Women of Reddit, what REALLY goes through your mind when you see a guy with a hot body or a great ass?|"""Wow, this question *again*?"""
Bartenders of Reddit, what is a drink you judge someone for ordering?|people who drink 12y old whiskey with coke
What are Donald Trump's brothers and sister doing now?|Being rich somewhere?
People of Reddit who have Synesthesia, how do you describe it to someone without it?|It tastes purple.  Seriously though you’ve probably experienced it in one way or another. Have you ever heard a song that sounded colorful?  A nice illustration is in the movie Ratatouille where he sees strawberries as swirls and cheese cubes as little sparks.  I experience it a lot with music. All songs have colors to me. Happy songs are white with bold oranges and red and yellows. Sad songs are gray, blue, green. Soundgarden and Three Doors Down are colorless but Sarah Bareilles “Love Song” has the whole spectrum.
What's life greatest mystery to you?|Your shitty grammar
What song is stuck in your head?|Temple of Solace, by Stargazer.
What’s something you can rant about for hours?|Hours? Nuthin
What behaviors in today’s culture will be discussed in the year 2060 and justified with “...but things were different back then”?|Marijuana prohibition
What is your worst experience being attacked by a wild animal?|Once this bird swooped down and took my churro
At what temperature do you go from shorts to pants?|I'm from Florida, we wear pants when it's 105
Redditors who have had an experience that can only be explained as paranormal, what is your favorite breakfast cereal?|I’ve yet to have an experience that can only be explained as paranormal, so I guess I’ll go with omelettes.
Reddit, what websites shouldn't be used as primary sources for college students?|wikipedia
How did that straight-A student from your school turn out?|Still super smart and happy.
Construction workers, what was the scariest stuff that happened at your workplace?|Former heavy equipment operator here. I rolled one of those off-road dump trucks onto its side once. And I witnessed an escavator slide down an embankment when the ground collapsed.
What food do you forget about for long periods of time, before bingeing on it and wondering why you don't eat it more often?|Peanut butter! It’s delicious, but you get so fed up with it eventually, so you take a break, and then you rediscover it a few months/years later.
Military vets of Reddit, what are your thoughts on vets who build a large portion of their identity around being a vet?|"They do it for the ""prestige"". I know people who did absolutely nothing during their time in. Not a thing. Just hid somewhere and never worked. Never contributed. But brag about how they are so military and serving their country.. Bitch, you sat on your ass and shook your tits to get a better gig and off the ship.. You aren't an American hero."
What was your worst experience with drugs?|I once ate a little too many shrooms and it seriously fucked with my sense of time. It was like days went by in hours and at the end of the night I thought I had been tripping my entire life. I thought the only way to come down from the rollercoaster, was to act like i wasn't wasted. A pal who was there thought he had died, because it felt like such a long time.. Haven't touched shrooms since
Why did you distance yourself from the friends or family members that you love and love you?|Because of order 66
What superstitions from your childhood have stayed with you into adulthood?|Jesus.
How did you get your chiseled face shape?|with a chisel
What word or words would you put on Valentine's heart shaped candies if you were in charge?|Lemons.
Skin care addicts, what advice can you give to beginners who don't know much about skin care?|## COCONUT OIL
People of Reddit who can handle rude and annoying customers and still be polite, how do you do it?|Because I feel like if I give in to my emotions and lash out then I have let them get the better of me. I pride myself on being professional and level headed and I won't let them take that away from me.
What did you expect about being adult that surprisingly become true?|Debt is real, a real big fucking issue
Redditors who have been married for 10+ years, what are some words of wisdom you would give to a happy pair of newlyweds?|"Learn how to communicate with each other - don't just shout each other down during an argument.    No matter how close and ""in tune"" you are with each other, talk plainly. Don't expect the other one can read your mind. Be honest, and don't be cruel - you'll want to hurt each other when you're angry and that's not fair. Don't do that. Calm down, figure out why you're upset and come from a place where you can explain that without bringing up past grievances or hurt feelings.   **Learn how to communicate to each other.**    Edit: Oooh. Very first gold. Thank you generous redditor! ❤"
Who's trying too hard to be trendy or edgy?|Me
What's the most BORING movie you've ever seen?|Titanic 2. It was just so predictable.
What's the most useless thing in your home right now?|me
What is something that isn't real, but you desperately wish that it was?|Pokemon
When has that gut feeling been right?|I had a feeling my ex was cheating on me.  Boy was I right.
What is the one mistake you wish you could take back?|Heinous, empty threats to a classmate in 7th grade.
Morgan Freeman is narrating one book and one book only, and you get to pick, what do you choose?|The dictionary. Then we record it and use every word to make more Morgan Freeman narrations.
What is something you want, but fear you may never have?|Love
What was the lowest point of your life?|> What was the lowest point in your life? *so far
Would you consider yourself a Republican, Democrat, or neither? Why did you choose that affiliation?|Not American so our party systems are a bit different. I think aligning yourself to a single party is a bad idea, I don't understand why people treat them like football clubs, I feel that someone should vote for the people who's views and methods they agree with on a case by case situation.
What weird thing do you do?|I solve rubrikcers cubes?
What is one thing about the stock market that most people ignore?|The stock market.  Most people ignore the stock market.
What's an obscure interest of yours that you'd be most surprised to find someone else shared?|mushing
What's the best example of when the music you were listening to synced up perfectly with what was happening around you?|"I have ""Born to be Wild"" on my Spotify playlist and whenever it comes on randomly it feels so good. One time though the first Born to be Wild hit right as I hit my throttle and blew past a car and that felt so cool."
What would you request for your last meal?|Giant Gobstopper.
What is your favorite book?|"The Lord of the Rings  
  
The Terror by Dan Simmons  
  
The Wheel of Time series"
What are the best movies to watch during a Terrible Movie Night party?|The Room. Nothing tops that
"(Students of Reddit) How would your ""dream teacher"" teach?"|Making class compulsory so I can stay home and study/teach myself.
Gamers of reddit, if you realise you can use wall hack or any other hack in real life, what will you do?|what's the point in playing if you cheat?
What is some fake news you can come up with that sounds believable?|Fake news: I am dead.  Even had some songs written about me dying.  I got better though.
How would you feel about a system which collected fingerprints and DNA from every citizen to prevent unsolved crimes?|Fingerprints aren't actually great evidence, as partial prints aren't too useful in court and they aren't actually unique. DNA evidence is pretty hard to accurately prove as well. So basically this would be really expensive and completely useless.
What's your biggest fear in your relationship? Why?|That my SO realizes she can do better.
What is a life lesson your parents taught you that you never learned until you were older?|Financial responsibility.
Cheaters of Reddit who were given a second chance by their significant other, how did it work out?|It’s not.
Lecturers who visit Reddit, why do you glance repeatedly at certain students when talking, even though you don’t know them?|I’m not that kind of lecturer, but I’ve given many a speech.  It’s good to find a kind face in the crowd.  It helps you gauge how you’re doing, gives you a focal point, and makes you less nervous.
How much money would you put on a gift card for a friend as a housewarming gift?|20-50
Which movie do you believe has the most beautiful score?|Maybe not beautiful in a classical way but every time I hear a song from la la Land it makes me want to cry. The music matches the movie perfectly!
What's the smallest change you could make to a game you play that would enrage >50% of the players?|Remove the skip for cutscenes, play the cutscene before every battle/boss retry.
If a classmate stares long when you get into class compared to anyone else and keeps your gaze, faces your direction the whole time you pass her as she stands by her door in the hallways and smiles at you in your peripheral and continues to do so until she’s behind a wall, what does it mean?|"1. She likes you.
2. She LIKES you.
3. SHE LIKES YOU.
4. She likes you a little too much."
Former overweight / obese redditors, other than how you look and what that brings you, what’s the best thing about having lost a lot of weight?|I can finally see my dick when I look down
People that have been divorced, what is something positive you learned from the experience?|That without constant, complete, and open communication early and often, on ALL topics is the only way you are going to survive. And by communication I mean speaking up, AND listening, understanding AND compromising.... And having a healthy sexual relationship eight the same level off openness and communication.
Whats the one thing other than money and time that you never have enough of?|Knowledge
What's that one moment you always relive in your head?|My memory is weird. I hardly even remember who I was 2 years ago. It's like I was a whole different person.
What alternative methods of traditional education are more effective?|Uploading skills and knowledge Matrix-style.
What is a dead giveaway that your Grandparent is a racist?|“Now I’m not racist, but...” is a good giveaway for anyone.
What is a food just the slightest damage ruins?|egg
What's a totally useless skill or talent you have?|I can make this snapping-like noise with my chin and fingers by putting my two hands together, loosening my fingers, and hitting them against my chin.
What weird daily rituals do you do that you think no one else does?|I edge myself for a while to collect my precum. It's so delicious!
Alright brave stalkers, what Reddit user do you check on regularly and why did you start?|A sub about butts, for the obvious reason
I want a robot vacuum, what is the best one for the money?|I work in a Datacenter with a looot of floorspace.  We have had both Roombas and Neato robot vacs. (Those are the 2 expensive brands) For us, the Roombas tend to have higher durability, we've had one run for years so far without major issues. But it tends to get stuck \ forget where it's dock is. About half of the mornings I need to manually find it and put it on the charging port. The Neato did a MUCH better job at knowing where it was, and where it's dock was, but sadly died in less than a year. I'd say maybe only 10% of the time, I'd have to manually find and redock it, It also didn't get stuck as often.  To be fair, it is very heavy use in the Datacenter, but still something to consider.
What would you have said/done to someone if you knew that was the last time you'd ever see them?|In my case I would have hugged my ex a little bit longer. A few days later, he ghosted me, never gave me a reason why. I still miss him
Which breed of dog would you say you relate to the most and why?|Pugs. I too have breathing troubles and sleep most of the day.  Edit: a word
What was the most entertaining thing you learned from school?|That my friend can fit a bottle cap in each of his nostrils
If you've visited Tanzania, what was your experience there?|Safari. Wildebeest crossing over a river (there were A LOT), and two lions furiously mating. Exciting times. Also a really sweet guide named Goodwin.
What do you have that you definitely don't deserve?|Flu.
Who is in charge?|The boss is in charge.
What are your 3 favorite albums?|There are too many in /r/gonewild to choose from.
What is a quality that a certain food must have for you to eat it?|"1. It's not gel-like.
2. It tastes good.
3. It's food."
What would be the most ironic crime?|Pirating free software
What is the worst fear you have and what about it scares you?|"Crocodiles.
Because deep down I'm afraid of any apex predator that lived through the K-T extinction. Physically unchanged for a hundred million years, because it's the perfect killing machine. A half ton of cold-blooded fury, the bite force of 20,000 Newtons, and stomach acid so strong it can dissolve bones and hoofs."
Which subreddits are best for in-depth discussion?|/r/DepthHub
How did your dog react when you came home with a new baby?|Rottie acted like it was her baby. She never left his side and would fret incessantly if he was upset.  Sniff, nudge, lick, bring a toy, she would come to one of us for help if nothing worked (ie. he was hungry or dirty). She almost instantly became much more alert and questioning about sounds outside the house. Anything she didn't like, she would immediately check on our son and then place herself between or in the path of what ever she didn't like and him. She was a good girl. I miss her.
Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you’ve done while being drunk?|Wanted to pee, pulled out one of my balls and peed my pants.
What is the happiest sounding song you know in a Major key, and the saddest song in a Minor key?|-Why do you build me up (major key) -Windowpane (minor or something else but very sad tho)
What are some quality, free online games for PC and laptops?|Fortnite is lit
What’s your worst memory of your best friend?|When she stopped calling or coming over because her mom told her I wasn't a good influence (I assume, I never found out exactly what happened)
Who is your biggest celebrity crush?|Probably Andre The Giant, he was quite large.
Hey Reddit, what kind of apocalypse could you see most likely happening?|Nuclear war.
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?|A crow’s brain is the size of a humans thumb, which makes it enormous relative to its body size.  Crows are of comparative intelligence to primates, and they’ve demonstrated impressive problem solving abilities including memorising processes with multiple steps and the use of tools. Crows = hella smart
Those of you who had multiple partners, but switched to monogamy, what happened?|"I read at first: ""suicided to monogamy"". :|"
What does “RX” mean in bartending terminology? Currently training to be a bartender at my job w/ no prior experience or schooling (they were willing to train) and looking over my notes, some drinks say “up” or “rx” next to it. I know “up”, but when I google “rx” nothing comes up. Any1 care to share?|On the rocks
What did you get your SO for Valentine's Day?|My company
Cab drivers of Reddit, what are some weird conversations you have over heard or been a part of whilst on the job?|Idk. Not a cab driver
What's the dumbest thing you've heard said in utter confidence?|Hold my beer and watch this
Like a cheat sheet for life, you are given you a magic 3x5” notecard, that you can make vanish at will and call into existence whenever you need it—what will you write on the card?|Lenny = white Carl = black
What would a cat say if you stepped on its tail?|What the fuck man
What’s the most non professional thing one of your teachers ever did?|Banged a student, got fired. Real nice guy, it was quite unfortunate
What would be the funniest way to die?|Superman costume + airplane with no parachute.
People who set multiple alarms 15 minutes apart in the morning, why do you do this to yourself and your bed-partner?|I wake up at the first alarm and turn off the rest. The others are just for peace of mind that I won't over sleep.
Have you or someone you known not gotten married after a parent or guardian withheld their permission? What happened?|I don't understand that whole ask for permission stuff. You've either talked over getting married with your significant other and have decided to get married or you haven't. It's no one else's choice.
Why do you like Tom Hanks?|Cause he's just a fantastic actor and just seems like an overall swell guy.
What's the most burned out you've ever been?|Just this last new year's eve I was filling in my colleague's shift in an ER. I was in a 32 hours shift before finally dropped like a dead fish. I was expecting less patients because it's new years eve, but I was dead wrong, around 50-60 patients is coming in my shifts. Got a strep throat in the end that took almost 3 weeks to fully heal. I'm never gonna do that shit again.
What's the craziest thing you've seen a drunk friend do?|He puked into his empty beer bottle and then corked it with some napkins and threw it away. Almost made me vom just seeing it happen.
Gamers of Reddit what do you think about the quality of games recently ?|There needs to be a war against Loot Boxes when it comes to usable gear I'd like to have a proper gameplay progression without having to gamble for stuff to use. It makes things horrifically unbalanced, because you could have sunk hundreds of hours into a game and get outmatched by a newcomer who got a relative nuke in their first Lootbox, whereupon you got your shit kicked in  Gameplay progression should never be a gamble!
What was that strange noise in my parents' room last night?|Their crushing disappointment.
Scientists worldwide announced that there is about a 50% chance that the world will be destroyed in 48 hours, what are you going to do? Will you still think of the regrets/consequences if the world does/doesn't get destroyed?|I continue living as normal but for sure take the day off work and keep the kids home from school. Either nothing happens and we have nothing to worry about or we all die and we have nothing to worry about.
What slang word is local to your area?|Slog me minge will ya?
What is the most Superior dessert?|Pecan Pie
With so many opinions on here, what kind of threats, acts of violence, and/or insults have you received in your personal reddit mailbox?|I was told to burn in hell by someone who apparently really took a disliking to me having the balls to say that I think Spotify is just fine as it is.
What's one theory you want to be true?|Complex life on other planets!
90's Babies - What was the best thing you appreciated in the 90's?|The quality of the programming on Nickelodeon.
Which celebrities have aged well without surgery?|Keanu
What's the best piece of non-fiction you've read?|Neil Postman's *Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business*. It's a very good read about the possibility that Huxley, not Orwell was right.
what is your first social media account?|anyone who is over is a 90s kid should say myspace.
Which celebrity would be best known for reposting?|"Jimmy Fallon. Hell, his whole gimmick is ""LOOK AT THIS VIDEO THAT WAS TRENDING ON YOUTUBE LAST NIGHT!"""
How did people procrastinate before the internet and video games?|Have you never listened to your grandparents? There was no such THING as procrastination back then! Geeze /s
Is there a point in which you know you missed your chance on something great?|When you pack your belongings into your car in New York and start your drive back to Midwest to your parents'.
Which Pokémon would you choose to have as a pet?|em all
What is something on Reddit you accidentally learned about that improved your life?|Nootropics
When CAN someone tell you what you can or can't do?|When they're my parent and I'm still a child. When I'm in somebody else's home. When we're having sex (or any contact of that sort). All sorts of instructors - diving, gun, driving, etc.
"People older than 30 who didn't ""have it all figured out"" in their 20's, what's life like now that you're older?"|Pretty good. I got married eventually and my wife figured it all out for me.
Take a random video game and replace the villain with Bowser. What happens now?|Bowser is pretty much the same, but he grew a mustache... And systemically exterminates the mushroom kingdom.
What is your motto?|F*** it
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever accidentally said?|"Went to an all-male Catholic high school. At the time, I was 6'8"", skinny as hell, and pretty much had negative game. Senior year, I was at some writing conference thing, and would up talking to a girl while we waited for the next session to start. She dropped her pencil, and without thinking about it, I leaned over my desk and scooped it up. She said ""Wow, long arms,"" to which I unthinkingly replied ""Yeah, long everything."" It went over about as well as you might expect."
If you got nothing to lose, what will you do this instant?|quit this god damn job
Graphic Artists of Reddit, what tips and tricks new Artists should keep in mind when starting out?|Learn the pen
What is your true “and everybody clapped” story?|I was very drunk and I crashed that party hard. Two dudes kicked me out and everybody clapped.
What did you grow up to watching while eating cereal in the morning?|Loony Toons
If at the end of your life, you could see a stat sheet of everything you done in your life, which one would you check out first?|People better off for having known me.
What non-scary thing were scared of when you were young?|The sound of a toilet flushing (especially at night). It's loud and startling, despite knowing it's coming. It still stresses me out, for some weird reason.
Who is the single most evil person to ever walk the earth?|Hitler or a soap opera villain
Harry Potter vs Star Wars which is better in your opinion? Why?|Different genre can't compare. One is fantasy the other is science fiction.
What do you want but can't?|I'd like to have super powers.
What do you do when you get rejected?|Move on
Why when we’re sick and it hurts to swallow do we feel the need to constantly swallow? Do we swallow just as much when we’re not sick?|I always think if I keep swallowing it's going to help my swallowing
People that record their lives publicly on platforms like Instagram, why do you do it?|I try to stream video games for at least an hour every day. Part of me does it because I remember when I didn't have access to any games and I didn't have many friends and so I would watch streamers (especially the less popular ones) because it helped with both of those problems a little bit. The other more hopeful part of me thinks that maybe I could make money from it. Maybe. Also it's fun to share a game with other people.
What is the most awkward hollywood movie moment?|"That damn ""we're all sitting around a table, not talking, and sipping our ale"" scene at the end of LotR with the 4 main Hobbits in the pub.  I LOVE that Trilogy but that scene just makes me so fucking uncomfortable."
Redditors with mouth-feel issues, what are the best and worst-feeling foods to eat?|Oysters raw. Just nasty.
What subreddit(s) should obviously exist, but doesn't?|One that lets you just say what's one your mind no matter what it is.
What's your best idea for an episode of Always Sunny?|*The Gang Goes to Space Camp*
In your lifetime, which famous person's death upset you most?|Alan Rickman for sure
Ex employees of fast food chains, what secrets don't we know?|The milk that dairy Queen uses for soft serve is damn delicious, and at any given moment there's probably someone in the back freezer eating cheesecake bites and cookie dough bites by the fistful
Reddit, what will a 25 year old likely see in their lifetime?|A third world war, the secession of at least one US state, the US losing the petro dollar, an economic collapse, militarized police, continued loss of rights...but you'll be able to 3D print your own sex doll so it will be worth it.
What are the thoughts that keep you up at night?|About to graduate with no internships, relevant work expedience, mediocre grades and zero job offers.
What fight did you get into that you tried to avoid?|I don’t know why, but I wanna punch you, in the face.
Fellow Musicians, could you all show us a song you wrote yourself?|"Listen to Rash, Rattle, Cough & Cold.m4a by Kurts Laststand #np on #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/kurts-laststand/rash-rattle-cough-cold-m4a"
What's a red flag when looking at apartment listings/open houses?|I’m currently in this struggle.. I look at the ratings online a lot. If it’s got 20 one star ratings it’s probably best to stay away.  I won’t look at anything that has less than 2.5 stars. There’s so many apartment complexes. No need to waste time on a shitty one.
"People of Reddit who say ""Fuck I'm old"", how old are you?"|"I'm 34. I know I'm not truly ""old"", and older people laugh when I, say it, but it's not that I think I'm OLD. It's that I see what I look like, and remember when I didn't have lines on my face, and remember when I could get out of bed pain free, and remember when I could function on 4 hours of sleep, or eat whatever I wanted and not gain weight. I'm watching myself slowly become old, which is scary. So I see myself, I see that I'm showing signs of being older, which makes me feel old."
You are given 12 hours to turn $300 into $1500 dollars (no loans). What would you do?|Rob.
What companies are you happy to give your money to?|Lego
What small gestures do you really appreciate when you're having a bad day?|If nobody talks to me
Who was your first kiss?|I hope to one day find out
People whose spouse and siblings share first names, is it uncomfortable? How did you get used to it?|I have two cousins; let's call them John and Jane. My cousin John found a girlfriend called Jane. My cousing Jane found a girlfriend named John. Needless to say, I stopped talking to both of them.
You're a virus that can penetrate every computer system in the world. How do you cause the most trouble, but so that nobody notices it?|Skim trillions into trading account then sell sell sell..
Gun owners of Reddit, how have you used your gun for self protection?|Haven't had to thankfully.
What's the most memorable thing that happened to you while playing video games?|I was playing Sims 3 and there was a babysitter bug for a while. Part time babysitter will leave after a while and when they did, they sometimes took the baby with them. The baby sim icon would still be on the left hand side of the screen. Normally, when you click on your sim icon, it automatically locates your sim. I clicked the baby sim and nothing happened. I called the babysitter again and the same one came back but without the baby. I’ve lost a few of my sim babies that way.
What are you a connoisseur of?|low carb foods
People who shit on public restroom walls/floors, wtf?|AND what's with the hamster pile of tp on the floor back behind the toilet AND the cylinder rolled up tp left on the floor?
Has a rule been made because of something you did? What happened?|"I was in a christian home-school debate league, and our topic was tax reform.  I advocated the abolishment of the American government in favor of a communist regime, and the league next year decided that competitors could only advocate ""moral and realistic"" plans."
What were the details surrounding a physical fight that you lost badly?|"Might I regale you of a tale from one of my coworkers who recently went through a pretty nasty encounter? So one day ""James"" doesn't show up to work, which fucked me over that day, but that's another story. ""James"" had gone to a party the night before, with some real shady characters in attendance. One of these guys starts arguing with a girl, ends up punching her. ""James"" feels compelled to step in and confront the guy, with another friend supposedly having his back in case things get hairy. What ""James"" didn't count on is his backup being pushed down a flight of stairs and ending up hospitalized with a cracked skull. So now ""James"" is in a 1 vs 5 fight, that doesn't go very well, ending with a concussion, fucked up knuckles, split lip, a torn piercing, no memory of the fight, and his entire paycheck in cash gone, not to mention he was not in any condition to work for several days."
How does one go about shitting on walls?|Go to India, they have courses
What Christmas present was an unexpected hit in your house?|My dad leaving.
What is the most cringe worthy thing you have seen during a presentation?|In my public speaking class, we each had to do a presentation with a powerpoint so we could practice speaking with the use of a visual aid... One kid gave his entire speech with his back faced to the class, staring at the powerpoint the whole time... I couldn't even hear him and all the classmates were just exchanging glances of confusion.
what is your family's secret cure for the flu?|Listen to your doctor........
What are the coolest account names that you have seen that you wish was yours?|u/rednaxer
Reddit, what was your very first vivid memory from childhood?|Pissing against the basement wall next the toilet
What was your best reply ever?|Pointing out how sassy a horse was
What were you pretty good at in high school but haven’t done since?|Maintaining a will to live.
From now on, you can only eat the last thing you ate. What was it?|Chik fil a  Thank god.
Who was ‘that kid’ in school?|"We had a repeat senior everyone called ""The Dragon Slayer"" because he wore the same black trenchcoat every day and ran from class to class.  A year after I graduated and he was a 3rd time senior, he ended up getting arrested because he was caught cutting a squirrel's head off with a broken lunch tray."
What is your profession and what can we as consumers/general public do to make your job a little bit easier?|IT. For the love of God don't lie to me. If you spilled coffee on your laptop tell me. If you dropped it tell me. If you clicked a link for free hentai, TELL ME! I will figure it out eventually and can fix it a lot faster if you are honest.
Cops of Reddit, what are the best excuses you've ever heard?|"""I swear to god this isn't a hooker, it's me mum"" Said during blowjob."
How would you describe your mental illness?|A glass ceiling. I can see above me where I could go, but I cant get there
What famous person do you find super attractive and no one else sees it?|Danny DeVito.
Parents of Reddit: What is the best gift you've received from your children?|c h i l d s u p p o r t
Sandwich shop/deli workers of Reddit, what's the best or most impressive sandwich you've ever made?|Dont work in food service but I consider myself a sandwich enthusiast. Picture this, sourdough, tri tip beef, gouda, and arugula melted in a george foreman. Twas delicious.
How different will you raise your children compared to how your parents raised you?|I want my kids to be able to get to know all religions. And I would also like it if they knew something about all sorts of things from science to music and so on. I'd expose them to a wide variety of stuff from an early age onwards.
What makes you feel fulfilled?|Pot Noodle
If you won a trip on a game show, would you take it as advertised, or take the cash payout?|IIRC cash payout is not actually a thing most, if any games shows do. It actually wouldn't make sense for them, since most of the trips and things are paid for by different companies, not the show itself.
what movies have made you question everything? or just simply blow your mind?|"Interstellar 
^^^^^And ^^^^^also ^^^^^Shrek"
Dumpster divers of reddit, what's the coolest/strangest thing you've ever found?|I don't make a regular habit of dumpster diving but the day I moved into my apartment I noticed a flat panel TV sitting by the dumpster, it looked like it was in good condition so I brought it inside to see if it worked, and it did!. . .It was an older model Sony that retailed for about $1,200 when it first released [after some googling], one of my neighbors must have upgraded. I didn't need the TV so I put up a craigslist ad looking to unload it for $100. The guy I sold it to told me to meet him at the local pizza place I was planning to go to after work to pickup a pie anyway so had no problem doing so. . Turns out the dude was the owner of the pizza joint so I ended up with $100 + 1 free pie, it was great!
Those who ask celebrities for their autograph, why is that?|Depends on the celebrity. I think most of the time is a talking point in conversation or a way to prove you met them.
In 15 minutes, you will be sent back to a time and place of your choice. Once there, you will have another 15 minutes before you simply vanish from existence. You cannot avoid this in any way. What will you do during those 30 minutes?|probably take a nap
As a broad generalization, which country tends to be the most racist?|Singaporeans are very racist
What is the ugliest name you could give a baby?|Gertrude
What are some things a quadriplegic can do to pass time or have fun?|Learn astrophysics and monetize your brilliance.
If you could make one significant change that would make the world a better place, what would you change?|id make everyone smarter.
What are some situations where you want your cock/boobs to be smaller?|NEVER!!!  They are grand, glorious cantaloupes.  No wait...Except when I want to carry a big box.  Then I feel like I have T-Rex arms.
What person famous for being sexy do you not find sexy at all?|Fergie. He face has looked like a leather handbag since she became famous. And yes, her body is sexy, but it's that kind of dime-a-dozen sexy that many in the entertainment biz have.
What food that everybody hates but you love to eat?|Chitterlings, i like them fried with mustard. Nothin tastier than a fried chit’lin sammich!
Russia, What are some good things in Russia?|Vodka
If shitposting was an olympic discipline, which athletes would compete for which country and who would be the ones most likely to earn a medal?|dolan dark gets gold medal
US Military people of Reddit: If the US ordered you to participate in a mass invasion of another country just because it can, would you? Why or why not?|When you’re in the military you don’t really have a choice. It’s not like they would gather all the troops and say “alright we’re invading just for shits”. We would be given a mission with objectives and expected to carry out.
What are the most positive, feel-good subreddits?|/r/UpliftingNews, /r/GetMotivated, /r/DecidingToBeBetter, /r/HumansBeingBros
What are your stories about people who thought they were super talented in something and just...weren't?|Had this kid in my Latin class who was a great orator and really smart guy, who swore up and down that he was a fantastic writer. I graded papers all the time and I can tell you, this kid couldn’t write for shit.
"How can a guy turn the ""seller's market"" of the dating world into his favor?"|$
What do you do when you're angry?|I avoid people because I *will* say some shit that I can't take back.
What is the most terrifying sound you could possibly hear?|"""We need to talk"""
What is the best US state and why?|Montana - It's absolutely beautiful, it's not spoiled by overpopulation, no sales tax and you can drive for 5 minutes outside of town and be in the middle of the mountains.
At what age did you start to feel old? Why?|"When my nephews have started calling me ""Uncle""."
What's your opinion on Donald Glover?|He's a multi-talented performer.  He has proven that he is a good actor, writer, comedian, and rapper.
Do you eat organ meat? If not, why don't you?|The keys get stuck in my teeth
What desperately NEEDS to be taught in schools?|Honestly, how to teach yourself, and how to study in college. You get thrown into it without any foresight.
What should absolutely make a comeback and become popular again?|Good science shows for kids.
Social media users who post only selfies of you not doing anything, why?|It's a tiny boost to my abysmally low self-esteem.
What do you expect as a gift for valentine's day?|Nothing because nobody has or will like me that way
Hairdressers of reddit, what's the worst state you've seen someone's hair in?|"Not me, but my friend is a hairdresser. She once had a walk in client who was severely depressed and had neglected her hair for months. It was greasy and matted and one of the matts was creating a small bald patch. They took her in, had 3 stylists working on her, treated her to a mani/petti, facial and deep condition and were able to cut her hair into a cute ""long"" pixie. They charged her the bare minimum, each gave her their cards and personal numbers (and got hers) and told her that if they didn't hear back from her in a month, they'd call to check up on her and her hair and take care of everything for her again."
24 hours store employees of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've seen while on the job?|Some dude asking to speak to the manager cause he wanted to return one can of soup which was $0.69 since he bought the wrong one.
Has an ex ever reached out to you years later? How did it go? What is your relationship like currently?|well, one reached out only to brag about how good shes having it now and to tell me how shit i was compared to the new person. Its safe to say I didn't even respond to her messages and blocked her number. crazy bitch
What are some positive things about the country you live in?|Freedom
What are some signs that someone is a thief?|They steal things, mostly.
A genie makes you president of the USA on the sole condition that your cabinet consist entirely of fictional characters from 90s sitcoms. Who do you hire for each position and why?|Carlton - attorney general. Smart, plays by the rules.  Seinfeld - Secretary of State. Exposes social norms and mores across cultures.  Urkel - secretary of defense. Ruthlessly technologically driven with no moral compass.  Frazier - secretary of education. Sophisticated, measured.  Zach Morris - press secretary. Charming and manipulative.
Why are receipts printed on that weird plastic paper?|It's heat sensitive paper.  The receipt printers don't use ink.
AskReddit, what sexual fetish or orientation do you find absolutely abhorrent?|i don’t like to judge, but i’m really at a loss to to understand the appeal of scat play ..
What's the best person, place, or thing to yell out to an improv group?|Boom! Detective Michael Scarn! I'm with the FBI!
If you could ask anyone a single question that would have to be answered truthfully. Who would it be and what would be the question?|"""How ya doin'?"""
Redditors, how did you get your name? Like, what is the reason your parents gave you the name you have?|Everyone kept sticking their fingers in my cheesecake, therefore I am.
What is bad if you don’t do it once a day?|Wake up
Is it weird to have never had homosexual thoughts, why or why not?|I guess you’ve been saying no homo right? Because that always clears up any doubt
Who gets a free pass for being an asshole in public?|People who are grieving the loss of a loved one.
Women of Reddit, what percentage of men who hit on you do you find attractive?|On Reddit zero
What do you know for sure?|I’m super fucking lucky to have a loving family and live in a war-free country
What’s the funniest video you’ve seen on YouTube?|"This one by far EVERY PITTSBURGHERS REACTION WHEN IT SNOWS HALF AN INCH
https://youtu.be/RGoLc533XK8"
Why does molten salt explode in water?|It's been holding it in a very long time!
What makes you fearful that is trending these days?|Lack of education,  lack of respect for serious sources,  combined with over confidence
What fictional character were you most scared of as a child and why?|Chucky!!! I was young, like 6 or 7 and I was going to my cousins for a sleepover. I snuck into my moms room and secretly took the 1st Childs Play movie thinking I was so cool. My cousin and I watched fit thst night and it scared the absolute shit out of us. I was scarred for damn near a DECADE before I finally made the decision to watch it again. That's when I realized I spent 10 years scared of the cheesiest, least scary thing I have ever seen. Although, still relatively creepy!
What dream did you have that messed you up?|A couple of days ago I had a dream, that an old friend of mine, that I fell out with was crawling through air vents in a roof, in order to assassinate, my friends. Had to shoot my old best friend in the head to stop him. Weird thing was the very same night my partner had a dream, where we were trying to reconcile with the old friend and start hanging out with them again regularly.
"What is the best and most gratifying ""They got what they deserved"" moment in a book, movie, etc. of all time?"|Jesse strangling Tod in Breaking Bad.
What motivates you to exercise?|Puss
What are Melania Trump’s responsibilities during Donald Trump’s presidency?|"Technically, she doesn't have any - he was elected, and she was not, and she doesn't HAVE to do ""first lady stuff"" if she doesn't want to.   Traditionally, the first lady's duties are to be the hostess - she manages the White House, attends diplomatic and social functions, makes visiting world leaders and their spouses welcome, by feeding them and showing them a good time around Washington as appropriate. She also traditionally takes on one or more social causes, and uses the influence of her office to do some social good."
What was your first job?|I developed film, I was 15 and worked full time.. I loved that job.
For those of you who didnt watch the Superbowl last night, what else were you doing?|I was delivering pizzas.  It was surprisingly slow. Thanks for the no tip, high school kid who ordered $57 of pizza for his party!!!
You went to walmart for shopping. what are the 3 items you would grab to confuse the cashier?|Dounuts, dounut holes, glue
What's the worst thing someone has done over social media?|Repost at r/jokes for karma.
What would your parents say if you introduced a trans person to your family and told them that you were in love?|"They would probably simply pretend they are just a ""friend"" like they do with the girlfriend of one of my sisters."
What strange thing does your partner do in their sleep?|Wife just talks in her sleep. Mumbling mostly but sometimes it's a coherent sentence.
What is the weirdest restaurant name you can come up with by merging two restaurant names together?|Outhouse. It's Outback and Waffle House.
What is your EDC (Every Day Carry) gear?|phone, wallet, flashdisk, park card. and in ear headset
How do you deal with boredom?|Browse Amazon. If I see something useful and cheap, I'll buy it.
What is your most overrated comment/post?|How dare you. Nothing I do is overrated. See Motherless Brooklyn, coming soon.
What's the dumbest way that you have injured yourself?|I snapped a tendon in my foot doing a happy dance over some Chinese soup.
Where do you buy your books for college?|thepiratebay
What is your proudest moment that nobody else cares about?|My proudest moment would be when I finally solved a 3x3 Rubik's Cube. I was so happy, and no one else gave a shit. Ah well. Fuck em.
Managers of Reddit: what management lesson do you know now that you wish you knew day 1?|You have to maintain separation from the people you are in charge of and that's really hard to do when you used to be one of those people before getting promoted. Not saying you can't be cool with your employees but you definitely cannot be their friend
Psych ward employees, what is the creepiest work experience you've had?|Obligatory: not a psych ward employee. I did work as an EMT and had to drop off and pick up people from psych facilities a few times a week. Craziest thing that has happened to me: I was kicked and spit at by a young woman. One of my coworkers had shit thrown at her.
Has a fictional movie or book ever prompted you to do something drastic in your life? If so, what was it?|The movie Black Swan literally changed my life. I was studying math in college, watched the movie, and felt inspired by Natalie Portman's performance to take an acting class. Took an intro to acting class, realized I loved it so much, and decided I wanted to be an actor instead of a mathematician. Dropped out of college, moved to LA, and here I am, kinda sorta living the dream.
So what are your best pick-up lines?|Are you the stock market? Cause I can see you going down on me when I least expect it
What is the most disturbing scene you've seen in a movie?|Episode 6 Season 4 of Black Mirror. The part when the doctor starts to hurt himself so he can feel arousal. Was very hard to watch and it goes on for a while as he does more drastic damage to himself over time.
What was the best action scene in a movie?|I always liked the rotating hotel hallway fight from inception.
What is your favorite gaming moment?|Seeing my PSN ID as #1 in the world on a leaderboard.
What's something you wish your 18 year old self knew?|Stay in shape. It’s harder to go back to it than it was the first time.
What is something that no matter how many times you replenish it, seems to always be missing from your home?|Chocolate of course
what decade (20s,30s, 50s, 70s, etc) would you have liked to be a teenager/young adult in?|"I'm biased, but hear me out. The 90's was a fucking rad time to be a teenager.  We had all the freedom of generations past- you'd head out after lunch and be home by dinner- but *way* better technology.  We didn't have the awful helicopter parenting; we missed that by just a handful of years.  You were allowed the freedom to fuck up, and fuck up bad.  (And then *learn* from it!) We had computers, but *not* social media, cell phones, or an ubiquitous internet.  Why's that important?  Because you could just show the fuck up at a friends house *and they were happy you did.*  ""My dad just got a box of games from work!"" ""Load that shit up!""  ""OMG ITS STRIP POKER"" And the music?  Even if you don't care for it, the music of the 90's was revolutionary, and we got to be a part of it!   I could go on, and of course *everyone* says this, but I think I came of age in the best era."
What do regret not doing in high school the most?|Study
What makes your life worth living?|Cute redheads
Professors and teachers, what's the weirdest thing a student has ever said to you?|While watching a Walking with Dinosaurs video, a student said to me, “Is this actual footage?”
"Airport Security of Reddit, what is the real protocol on people who say things like ""bomb"" in the airport?"|"Protocol the ever loving shit out of them as an example to prove that when security says ""Don't Joke about it EVER, and we mean it!"" we mean it."
What is your favorite movie?|Gattaca
What would be life's final boss?|The Grim Reaper, he always wins though.
People who wear caps to the gym, why?|Because it keeps my sweaty hair out of my face
Why cant cigarette companies make cigarettes which are not bad for you?|Not possible.  Cigarettes are smoked, and inhaling any type of smoke into your lungs is bad for you.
Redditors, what was the weirdest thing you caught/saw someone doing in their phone?|Saw a guy on a bus composing a text, noticed his screen was dirty so ran his tongue completely over the screen, bottom to top, then rubbed it dry on his trouser leg. Every day we move further from gods light.
What is something you wish you were good at?|Interacting with fellow humans.
How do you prevent timesheet fraud in your company?|Create an environment where people don't do that. Make them invested in the company and its outcome. If you have fraud in your company, you didn't catch disgruntlement or personal problems of your employees. That makes you a bad boss, if there is widespread fraud you need to take that personally and take a better look at the way you treat your employees. There is a reason why they don't want or can't work, you need to get in there and fix that, that's your fucking job. This aint 1750 anymore, you can't whip your slaves.
What's the biggest mistake men make on Valentine's Day?|Allowing your significant other to dictate how you celebrate the day or what you buy. Seriously, if the person you are with tries to tell you that you must take them on a date to such and such restaurant or you must buy them X gift, then you've made a mistake in being with them.
What's the most fuck up thing you have seen in a work place?|I worked in a recycling centre and someone straight up throw away an urn, complete with ashes and the persons name on the front. My colleague opened the lid and muttered ‘oh my god’, gestured for me to look inside then as I leaned in threw the lot in my face. It had been raining all day and it stuck to my face/glooped up the corners of my eyes. I was only a kid so I didn’t say shit but looking back it was totally messed up. Also saw a middle aged couple throw a bin bag into a skip and it broke open spilling out hundreds of Polaroids of the woman sticking dildos up the dudes ass and all sorts, they had 2 kids in the car just meters away as well.
Why do some people develop a dimple on their cheekbone under the eye?|Mine is because I bashed my face off of a marble hearth as a kid and it was stitched poorly and scarred
What is your favorite paradox?|The Bootstrap Paradox: Let's say that when you were a child, some old person taught you a song. You remembered that song all of your life. Then when you're older, you use a time machine to go back in time. In the past you encounter you as a child, and you learn him/her the song. You realise that the old person who taught you the song was your future self. But then, who originally thought of the song? Because you learned it from your old self, who as a child learned it from your own  self etc.  This is also present in one of the Legend of Zelda games. You learn an Ocarina song from an old man, go back in time and teach a young version of the old man the song. But who originally came up with the song? Link didn't, because he learned it from the old man. But the old man didn't come up with it, because he learned it from Link.
Why do you think we all feel hopeless and worthless nowadays?|Because our days are filled with looking at others achieve things while we upvote or downvote their achivments instead of working on our own lives ....
What's the funniest thing you've heard someone say in their sleep?|"Not heard but something I said. I was asleep, Hubby was watching TV in the lounge, I called out to him and from what he says it sounded urgent. Hubby runs into the room, me asleep says ""Pick a rocket, a red one or a blue one."" Confused hubby picks blue, I say OK and start snoring."
Vandals who have defaced community restrooms and other public property with graffiti, why did you do it?|I just wrote on the wall. Take **that** society.
What was your first video game?|Sonic riders
What prevents us from accessing and controlling muscles like the heart and brain?|Now that I understand the question... Because it's too complicated and needs fast and precise actions/reactions, and our consciousness is too slow for that.
What’s the best subreddit to browse by controversial?|/r/politics
What are you in the minority of?|I am left-handed.
What small, unsuspecting act or saying by someone has impacted your life years later without them probably knowing?|"I know there are others, but the first one I thought of: I actually recently told her how much I think about it. When I was in elementary school, sometimes before school my mom would tell me to ""make someone smile today."" It's influenced so much of how I view my interactions with people and helped me see that everyone has their personal struggles but maybe a small, random smile can be what they need to turn their day around."
People who work in hospitality: what's the weirdest thing thats ever happened on a shift?|"I was rather hefty at the time. A drunk regular at this resort asked me to accompany him to his room, which I considered risked at most vomit all over me. So I agree. He unlocks the door, picks up my (then hefty) self, I mean like WWF, and tosses me inside. I hit my head pretty bad. I get up, dust myself off, and say, ""I think you had the wrong idea."" (Boss received complaint about my service following morning.)"
To people who absolutely destroy public restrooms, why?|I once drank an expired yogurt drink and by the time I got to the toilet there was less than a second to spare. By the time I got my pants undone and pulled down a fraction of an inch but before I could sit down, projectile shit flew out of my ass and left a spray pattern nearly three feet wide. It was an accident and I wanted to clean it up, but some asshole sprayed shit all over the toilet paper. I penguin marched to the next stall to finish and wipe, but the stench was so bad that I had to bug out. It was not a good day and I'm not proud of it. I am truly sorry to all who saw it, smelled it and whoever cleaned it.
People who used the !RemindMe bot, what did you get reminded of?|That today is gonna be the best day of my life
What was the worst thing you did as a child/teenager but you didn’t cop the blame for it?|Took my grandma's pain meds when I was a teenager. My dad was already a junkie who for some reason was still allowed to live with them. They assumed it was him and I kept quiet. Still feel bad about it till this day.
what's it like to own your own business? is it worth it?|One thing to remember about having your own business is that the thing the business does(photography, digging trenches, decorating cakes) is only half the work.  The other half is marketing, bookkeeping, getting your next job, unhappy customers, taxes and all kinds of other crap. It can be worth it, but be prepared.
What is a common word that you just cannot pronounce?|Endictment enditement
If you were to write a Star Wars porno, what cheesey lines would you make the actors/actresses say?|"""I'm coming!"" ""I know."""
What do you recommend I keep in my car/in a backpack?|Things you're willing to lose.
What did your arch-enemy do to become your arch-enemy?|Was a bully to all my friends, and he never bullied them himself he got his minions to do it for him.
Best date you ever had; why?|My grandma used to buy dates fresh from a small market near her house. I tried one once. It was sweet but not too sweet, soft but not mushy and smelled amazing. Easily the best date I ever had.
What was the weirdest dream you ever had?|There was this one time I dream that alien lizard people were trying to take over the world and I had to stop them. They had a base on our planet and disguised them selves as people. So I snuck into their base where they were manufacturing ice dragons to prepare for their attack. I began to sabotage the place and then was met by the strongest of the lizard alien people who was riding a giant flying fire breathing husky. He tried to kill me, but I managed to unmount him and then take control of the husky. I then rode it and caused the entire base to blow up by using the huskys fire breath.
People who think liking Sports is stupid, what do you enjoy and how is it different from liking sports?|I don’t think liking sports is stupid o just don’t get why you wouldn’t  just rather play the sport than watch people play the sport.  I like video games, but I don’t watch people play video games, I myself play them.
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in someone else’s home?|Myself
"What does ""living the dream"" look like to you?"|Being a successful author, able to afford to build my dream home (a hobbit hole in the English countryside).
What is a stupid thing you thought as a child?|I thought Pegasus was a horse fly
What’re your favorite places to go to and relax?|My bed..ac on 68 and black out curtains.
What's You Family's Immigration Story?|My British and Scandinavian ancestors came over and fornicated with my Native American ancestors
What was that phase in your life that once it was over, it made you wonder how you ever survived it?|disco
What is the stupidest injury you've ever had?|Chipped front tooth from opening a beer bottle.
Think back to the last game you played, book you read, or movie/show you watched. You have now been dropped into that universe with nothing but whatever is on you right now. How screwed are you?|I'm in Netflix's Van Helsing TV series - and I'm utterly fooked!  Those vampires would have me hunted down in a nano-second and I'm too wimpy to fight them back!
What are some of the perks of living in Florida?|Boca
What problem are you currently going through that people just don't really understand?|Varane just handed in a transfer request on Fifa.
Which dormant super-power are you pretty sure you have, but it just hasn't actvated yet?|Immortality
Programmers and recruiters of programmers, what makes a portfolio stand out?|Significant contributions to projects on github and other open source collaboration platforms. Ability to code at multiple layers, such as networking and databases or html/css and JavaScript.
What food service incident justified not leaving a tip for the wait staff?|You never leave no tip... that just makes you look like an asshole who doesn't tip.  If something bad happened that made you feel like not leaving a tip, leave 25 cents.  Then the wait staff knows you normally tip, but they fucked up somehow.
What Rule/Law do you think should not apply to you and why?|The law that I can’t buy cigarettes until 21 because it’s a less traumatic way for me to kill myself than alternatives.
What was the biggest 'plot twist' that happened in your life?|"Geek girl gets swept off feet by flashy cool guy.
Figures he’s lots of fun - surprise marriage proposal 3 months later. Years later still married... still shocked."
How did becoming a parent affect your views on bodily functions?|"""How can something so small, shit so much!?"""
dear reddit, suggest movies which fucked up with your head, completly?|matrix
What’s the right age to let a child set in the front seat of the car?|When they're tall enough to be able to see through the front window
Average users of Reddit, why aren't you using Linux?|Windows is better for gaming *he types from his mac*
"What do you think of when you read the words ""Swiss Army Gun""?"|A gun that fires Swiss Army Men
Choose one: be able to fly for 15 mins once a week, use the Jedi Mind Trick on one person once a year, be able to go invisible for one hour 4 times a year, make one thing legal/illegal forever one time, or be the most attractive person in the world for 30 days. Why did you make your choice?|Flying
What is the Nunes memo?|A game of Chinese whispers that started with someone asking for nudes.
What's the biggest WTF purchase made by your SO?|Well not hers but mine she was with me at a truck shop to get 2 front shocks replaced for like 150 bucks and I walked out with a 5200 bill cause I also paid to get my truck wrapped in matte gray vinyl 🤷🏻‍♂️ she hated me for a week or 2
If you have good information about Kamasutra !! So, what would you like to have sex with your partner Which posture/sex position ?|The Union of the Monkey.
What item did you buy when they scanned it was a completely lower price then advertised and you didn’t mention it and left?|It was probably on sale, and the signage hadn't been changed yet.
People who left their close friend(s), how and why did you do so?|we're different people fundamentally
What was your favorite moment of 2017?Why is that your favorite moment?|January 20th
If we all need to pass a test to be a parent, what question should included in the test?|how many times can you safely shake your baby?
What are some WTF moments from older books that would cause backlash or make them not get published today?|I'm reading the book IT and there was a scene where a kid jerked off Henry Bowers. Obviously that was not in the movie. Beverly saw it too.
How would you feel if the logical aspects of your university experience got ruined because you had human emotional problems?|This seems oddly specific. Have something you want to share?
Museum workers of reddit,,what's the worst thing a visitor has done?|I worked as a supervisor during a beautiful, peaceful exhibition of art. One day a family came in and the dad huffed and puffed that they had to wait to get in the gallery. So they called my coworker a bitch and left the building. Then they returned and stormed their way into the exit of the gallery.  It was an exhibition of paintings of Jesus. And it was completely free. They only needed to wait like a half hour because they were on standby.
Brilliant computer programmer 32 years old, 6 months later can not operate a cell phone. Do you know anyone who is experiencing an undiagnosed progressive neurological condition?|Please look this up. Happened to a family member. Completely normal to unable to move or speak in 2 years...passed away a month after. I hope this is not it. I wish this on NO one.  https://www.ninds.nih.gov/Disorders/Patient-Caregiver-Education/Fact-Sheets/Progressive-Supranuclear-Palsy-Fact-Sheet
What would you do differently if there were no laws against it?|Honestly I would fuck every women i like
If you could wipe one thing off the face of the Earth and replace it with something else, what would those things be?|Wipe out all landfill and replace it with fertile top-soil. Boom, clean slate.
What's that song you can't find?|I listened to it on a airplane, the cover was a sunset a long road. It was back in 2011, it started off with a piano and I still cant find it to this day 😭
What's your life partners weakness?|Not reading the instructions.
Reddit, what’s the strangest misconception you had as a child?|Luciano Pavarotti was immortal 😐
Redditors who are tired at school/work right now. Why didn't you go to sleep earlier?|Monster Hunter
What're your tips for getting a part time job as a student?|Find something with regular hours, working retail as a student sucks if you let them schedule you willy nilly
What's the worst piece of advice someone gave you?|Hit it raw
Driver's of Reddit, what is the funniest/strangest most obsurd thing you've seen while driving?|saw someone in the carpool lane with one of those anatomical skeletons for school in the passenger seat
What are your Best 5 Sci-Fi Movies of all time?|"My list : 1. The Fifth Element (1997)
2. Wizards (1977)
3. Dune (1984)
4. The Last Starfighter (1984)
5. 2001, A Space Odyssey (1968) Runners up: Buckaroo Bonsai, Alien, Star Trek 1 & 2, Star Wars 4,5 & 6, Close Encounters, Ice Pirates, ID4, Space Truckers, and Interstellar."
What do you usually have for breakfast?|I don't normally eat breakfast, thanks school.
People who use Myspace, what do you use it for?|Meeting hot babes.
What will be the new trend after the popsocket dies out?|The what?
Everyone loses their shit sometimes. What is angry you like?|Ugly. I stew for a while, then shove it down until I explode.
How would you describe your favorite song to someone that has never heard it?|I would just tell them y’all gon make me lose my mind up in here up in here or whatever.
"What is your defining ""before"" and ""after"" moment in life?"|Rehab.
Which person told the most lies: Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, or Donald Trump?|Wasn't there just a news article that counted how many false statements trump made in his first year of presidency and it was in the 1000s?
What was your biggest mistake?|Not taking care of my teeth...
Parents of reddit, how was labour for your child/ren?|They still balk at the long hours, and with such little hands they often have difficulty carrying their lunchboxes.
How is religion holding back humanity?|3edgy5me
What are some behind-the-scenes things that are disgusting that most people are unaware of?|Most fast food workers are sick in some way.
What is the most uplifting thing happening in the world right now?|I've eaten a steak 7 days old and nothing happened to me.
Have you ever gone to college or university for one program but ended up working in an entirely different field? How did that turn out for you?|"I feel like this is the majority of people. At least in the US. 
I went to school for Criminal Justice and ended up in banking."
What would you do if you laid an egg?|Send it flowers the next day and card saying I really enjoyed last night.
One year ago today, what would you have done differently?|Be more productive. Simple as that.
What did you dream to do for a living and what do you do now?|FBI agent was the dream Real Estate Broker is what I am.
If you were to face your final boss battle in life, what would you want to play in the background?|mortal kombat theme song
Travelers of reddit, What was the scariest thing that happened to you on your travel ?|I visited Thailand last year and while I was in Bangkok I went to check out a street market near my hotel. I decided to take a tuk- tuk on my way back to the hotel from the market. So, while I am sitting on the tuk-tuk the driver starts arguing with me and keeps saying that I need to pay him more for the ride than the agreed amount. I told him no because everyone told me that you need to bargain in Thailand. This dude goes nuts and starts driving really rashly and turns to an isolated shady alley where he turns off the engine and looks back at me with a creepy grin on his face and says 'more money'. I am a woman and was travelling alone so needless to say I almost shit my pants. I agreed and thankfully he started driving again.  I didn't sit in a tuk- tuk for the rest of my trip.
College students of Reddit, what was the absolute worst class you had?|Real Estate Law.  The most boring topic taught by the most boring professor.
What is the best way to relieve crippling stress and anxiety?|Meditation! I’m super ADHD so I really struggled with it but if you listen to guided meditations they’re really helpful
User of reddit that quit their decent paying job to pursue something more interesting in life how did you do it? How are things now?|Sometimes i regret it, could have made a butt load of money had I stayed.  But i wouldnt have been happy staying, so i had to try
What was your worst break up?|If someone ever sends you pictures of themselves cutting and telling you its your fault alert someone and get far far away. Nothing worse than being trapped into a relationship because you think they might hurt themselves if you leave.
What do you think about when you've run out of things to think about?|Being in a porno
If dogs were the dominant species what search results would be most dominant on porn sites?|Missionary position.
What's the most bizarre thing you've seen/witnessed that would be easy to label paranormal, that you don't believe is paranormal?|Ever since the dude in the apartment above mine moved in, we have been having issues with ours. Never had a mouse ever in our apartment before, we have killed 7 the last month. (Our apartment is very tidy and well built and maintained which makes this very weird).  The last person had no affect on us sound wise but this new guy keeps making loud sounds (like he’s dropping a bowling ball) throughout all hours of the day and night sporadically. Our fireplace is now going out all the time even though it has never had problems. We can now hear weird noises from the air vents. It’s really creepy to me since we complained to the landlord the first week about all the noise that was coming from up there (loud bangs) and ever since that, these things have been happening. It makes me wonder if he is somehow sabotaging us for complaining about him.
What is the dumbest thing you got in trouble for at school or home?|Saying merry Christmas
How would the world be different if for 24 hours after sex people glowed through bioluminescence?|Well, I'd still need the same amount of lighting in my house.
What’s really not as big of a deal as people make it out to be?|Trump being president
Reddit, what style of urinal do you prefer and why?|Squat.
What was your worst customer service experience?|woman was so pissed that she wouldn't sell me movie ticket tough it was her only job. called her boss and she got fired
"At what point in life do you think: ""I'm truly happy""?"|when i have money in my bank acclunt
What always makes you laugh when you see it in a porno?|Jumpcut scenes from a lady receiving a parcel from the postman to her, IN THE BED, NAKED, getting anal. Yeah, it makes me laugh me out.
Jobless of Reddit, what's your story and plan?|Finish school, get certified to become an RN, become an RN
Why is this Flat-Earth-Guy trying to go up with his own rocket when he could just look out of the window of a passenger flight and take photos of the horizon?|Who are you referring to?
What's the worlds most popular Non Alcoholic Drink?|Water
Ski Patrolers of Reddit, what is the most bizarre event you've witnessed on the mountain?|My dad user to be one and he saw a guy with a part of his leg’s bone out of his body so he had to put it back in before going down.
What is just not for you?|Reality t.v.
What can't you do right that everybody else can easily do?|Move my nostrils
What animes would you recommend that a new viewer should start watching?|Cowboy Bebop is the best answer for what an anime can be. It's a space Western that feels like the most graceful noir detective ever made. It's dark,fun, beautiful, and heartbreaking. The voice acting is phenomenal and the art work is breathtaking.
What is your favorite car color?|black matte
What is the most outrageous thing you have or would do to get your 'five minutes' of Internet fame?|made up some drama story on reddit
Americans on Reddit, what's something that America gets poop for that is entirely sensible in the setting?|Gun ownership, the culture is very different in aspect to guns than that of Europe and other places. Yes, you hear of some shootings, but there are so many more responsible people with them.
You are kidnapped, and your only way of escaping is to fight off 5000 4th graders, you are allowed any equipment you like, what do you do?|A 20 foot long chainsaw and an aardvark cannon.
What's the weirdest thing you've seen happen in public?|You know how dogs sometimes rub their ass across the grass? Saw it done by a guy.
So I think I found evidence for the Clovis Comet Impact site, how would an individual armchair scientist get it evaluated by an actual scientists?|Call the closest college to you and ask to speak to someone in the astronomy department.
What tattoo have you had on your mind for a long time?|I'd like to get a coverup for the one on my back. My new one would be the Chicago skyline (my hometown) beneath a starry sky, with specific stars positioned and colored to represent different people in my life. A red one for my wife, close to my heart. A blue shooting star for my son, yellow for my mom and my father, someone who has been either absent or a negative influence on my life, would be a black hole in the center, an unseen force all our lives have revolved around. I dreamt it up while having a morphine dream in the hospital from a bike accident. Still don't have the spare $2k lying around to get it done yet.
People who have lost a single shoe on the side of the interstate, how did that happen?|My brother stepped off the school bus with one shoe one day. We don't know what happened to it, but I assume it ended up on the side of the road.
What’s your nails on a chalkboard?|Tiny dogs that bark non stop
What movie made you really want to know what happens next when it was over?|"New one ""Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"""
What is your “go-to” beer and why?|Old Rasputin It's strong, dark, thick, and delicious.
What are people addicted to that isn’t necessarily considered bad?|Sex
What is the most random satisfying feeling?|When you get under the blanket and feel it parachuting down around you.
When’s the last time you cried?|Pfft, I'm a man, men don't cry. *sobs silently in the corner of the room*
Americans, whys is compromise such a bad word when it comes to politics?|tribalism
Replace all the words in a movie title, what is it called now?|The Titanic
Who probably wishes they had never met you?|I work retail. That list is endless.
Time travelers of reddit, what are some popular fad diets in the future?|Radioactive dust and newborns
Who is that one person you can't forgive and why?|Erin. Because FUCK ERIN.
What form do your thoughts generally take like: 1st person, 2nd, 3rd or do you visualize everything when you think or do you think in unspoken concepts etc..?|"If I need to get something hard done, ""we can do this"" if I've fucked up ""you stupid bastard"" if I'm actually observing things I enjoy ""wow, I really like this."""
How would you persuade your past self that you're from the future?|I would share a few private things, which Past!me wouldn't believe. Then I would share some embarrassing things, which only future!me could possibly know. Things Past!me knows that she wouldn't tell anyone else.
Reddit is about discussion, but what are your thoughts about being able to get a truly unbiased opinion about something without reading thousands of comments?|I don't know what a truly unbiased opinion is, having never seen one before
What is your job title and how much do you make?|I'm a baker. I make plenty of dough.
Professors and teachers of Reddit: What is the smartest question a student has ever asked to you?|Why am I aroused
What is your favorite feel-good movie?|Click
"When people say ""The dirtiest trick in the book"" to which book are they referring?"|The Book is a mythical standard reference . It has such things as the oldest trick.  I guess it has the dirtiest trick, too, though I never heard the phrase.  The Book has so many standards listed that to do something in the regular, expected way is to play it by The Book. If you transgress too many rules, we might even throw The Book at you. You can't buy the book, you have to figure out its contents over the years.
What advice do you never take?|Floss
If you could live anywhere in the world where would it be and why?|Paris. I always wanted to go there
Gamers of reddit, what is the best video game you have ever played in your life?|Diablo II
Parents of Reddit, what is the hardest part about being a parent?|Kids think you're out to get them and ruining their lives, we're literally just trying to keep them alive and hoping they don't turn out to be serial killers. We have no idea what we're doing, we're winging shit just as much as the kid is.
What goes into owning your own website and how much does it cost per month/year?|I bought domain and server space for $80/yr
"What's a ""Can someone do the math?"" comment you asked which never got an answer?"|Thanks To /r/theydidthemath...
Guys, what was it like losing your virginity, especially if you were pressured into it?|At first it was awesome. I told one kid, he told another, and so forth.... by the end of the day I was getting high fives from everyone in the hallways and outside school. News travels fast because even my dad heard about it and asked me to sit down and tell him about it but I told him my asshole was still burning and its painful to sit down right now.
Non-IT people, imagine you're Bill Gates. How does the Internet (or some other popular technology) work in the most technical terms?|You outsource technology to Asia. :-) That's how it works.
Redditors, where do you realistically see yourself in 1 year?|Probably doing pretty much the exact same thing, unless I get a really impressive offer.
What could you do 5 years ago that you can't do today?|Drink without getting a killer hangover.  These days it's not even worth it.
What fact do you refuse to accept?|I will die on the hill that Pluto is the ninth planet. Fucking fight me, NDT.
Where do you see yourself in 12 years?|I’d be 32 so probably married and on child no 4
Reddit, who is free to assist with a task?|I am a helpful person, but it's largely dependent on the task. If you are not comfortable typing it openly here then I can only imagine I wouldn't be comfortable assisting
What does your middle name mean to you?|My middle name is Denise cause my uncle asked if he was getting Denise or Denephew.
What's the funniest/weirdest/WTFest thing you've ever overheard a stranger say?|"Back in college I walked past a guy who was talking to his friends and said ""...so I don't have a bedroom anymore, I have a fort."""
What do you call your penis?|disappointed. thus when I am sat around feeling disappointed you know what I am doing
What is an example of something that was done TOO well?|The Holocaust
[NSFW] What's the most offensively hilarious thing you've read online?|The Ron Jeremy AMA was pretty epic
Childrens language learning commercial from 90's. Had a fuzzy animal thing that aimed at teaching kids different languages, what was this called?|Muzzy
How can you explain the worst punishment for not studying/school stuff?|Explain the consequences of not having the qualifications to have the job they want to have.
What non-Star Wars fictional character could you see being a Jedi?|Saruman... get it, get it?
When did you move out from your parents?|It was four days before my 14th birthday. They were abusive (only violence and emotionally thankfully - I suffered nothing compared to those who are sexually abused by family or trusted adults) and I’d put up with it for years.  A few months before I’d gotten a job and a girlfriend, so by that time I was feeling pretty emboldened to the point where I got the shits and left with only the clothes on my back. I did ok for a while, then I was homeless for a while, then got myself back together. I’m very proud that even in my hardest times, I never went back, never asked them for help, and got through it.
Reddit, what's your bad Craigslist (or other local selling platform) experience?|"Oh my goodness. A few years ago a stray cat gave birth in my backyard, so I took care of her and, when the kittens were old enough, posted them on Craigslist. Gave away 3 no issue, but then one guy. He calls me a few hours later to see how I was and how the mother kitty was doing. Slightly weird but hey, it's nice that he cares. Ask him how new kitty is doing. ""Oh, she died"". Um, what?? You've had this baby kitty for like 3 hours and it's dead already?? Then he asks if he can have another kitten, and he could come meet me right now at my house if so. Um, no way.  He called or texted me nearly every day after that for about 2 months, trying to get me to go out with him. When I refused multiple times, he threatened to kill himself, and vaguely threatened me. I blocked his number after that.  So that's the story of how I got a possible kitten murdering stalker for a few months."
What's your go-to song when you introduce someone to your favorite band?|Either *Don't Take Me Alive*, or *Everything You Did*.
What is your favorite moment of reddit history?|The 2016 Presidential Election was something to see. Wow.
Who is the most mysterious person you’ve ever met?|Myself.
People who learned a second language past age 25, what motivated you to do so? Any tips you'd like to share?|Duolingo. What motivated me? A second language is very useful if you pick the right one. I'm still learning though
What is your most traumatic experience?|"When i was 12 my grandma was dying of lung cancer. Was told to go in and see her that it'd be the last time.
I said i wanted to remember her as she was but got guilted into it. I went in and she was... well it wasn't her anymore. 
She started yelling out ""HELP ME"".
I'll never forget"
What is the worst sensation you can imagine?|Toothache.
Let's pretend you find out today that you are adopted. What signs around your family would verify this?|My parents are very bigoted and to put it bluntly, they're quite dumb. I'm in no way smart, i'm probably one of the dumbest people you could meet, and yet they still fall below me
People who married someone fit and let themself go after marriage, does it bother you? Do you still feel the same attraction?|By the time I married her I'd stay with her whatever she looked like. She could gain all the weight in the world and suffer horrible burns and I'd still be with her. I love her. We've both let ourselves go tbh but it still doesn't matter.
If given the chance to release every classified document to the public would you? Why?|Yes.. because I think most people won’t read them all.
What song do you want played at your funeral?|highway to hell
Ladies of reddit. How do you like your man to show your breasts attention during foreplay? [NSFW]|Yes yes yes please. I love it when my SO does this. Wish he did it more often.
Lawyers of Reddit what was your worst case?|This question gets posted so many times, but it will never be answered to your satisfaction. The details you're looking for are protected by lawyer-client privilege. Here's something close: when I was working in Brooklyn Housing Court, a defendant appeared pro se. Seeing that my judge had a Jewish name, this genius wore full orthodox clothing so he could speak with my judge Jew-to-Jew. In fact, my judge was Jewish, but he knew that this defendant was not (he'd appeared before my judge previously). The judge let him have it - I have not seen a judge tear into someone like that before or since.
What is your favorite Restaurant or Fast Food place and what do you order there?|Place: Cheesecake Factory Order: Everything...
What is something that would be very hard to describe to someone who has never heard of it?|Depression
Teachers of Reddit: How difficult is it to find a job with visible tattoos? What happened in your interview?|Obligatory 'not a teacher'. My son's Kindergarten teacher had a visible sleeve tattoo. She also had a tattoo on her back, if I recall correctly. She was one of the best teachers he's had so far.  I remember seeing the tattoos and, I guess, mentally noting them, but aside from that I didn't think anything about them.
What's the best conversation you had with a stranger?|I was sitting outside Costa and spoken to a complete stranger. We spoke about First world problems and led into video gaming. We must of sat there talking for 2 hours straight.
What’s the best date you’ve ever been on?|Forestiere Gardens in Fresno, California. Went with some random girl I never saw again, but it was so gorgeous and I was so happy to be treated the way she did that I want to bring my current fiancee there, possibly even get married there.
What event or events in your life shaped your political/moral views and to what extent have your views shifted during your lifetime?|My political and moral leanings shifted for me when I attended college. There was a radical leftist group there who actively tried to stifle free speech on campus, often by very shady or amoral means, because they didn't agree with certain speakers the college had planned to host. I was someone who had always leaned heavily toward the left, but this rubbed me the wrong way. It seemed that by their standards I was far-right, because my thinking didn't align with theirs verbatim. God forbid their sacred opinions be challenged. I did actually become decidedly more conservative since then however, largely by researching the speakers I was referring to, and others. Now my political and moral opinions are pretty split, but I still think I'm basically liberal.
What is something we simply accept despite not making much sense?|CEOs and corporation owners making billions per year when their average employees are living damn near in poverty because they won’t pay their employees a respectable or reasonable wage.
What do you know about your genome?|I know that I have resistance to most of the HIV strains (1% total eurpeans are resistent) and I shouldn't have predisposition to any kind of cancer, yet I carry a broken allele which effect is being studied. I have been luck as far as i know
How would you go out in style?|by crashing a plane into the pentagon
What businesses do you avoid like the plague?|comcast
What song touches you emotionally every time you listen to it?|"Just heard ""She"" covered by Elvis Costello last night. Really good, powerful song. I've definitely heard it sometime in the past - the tune sounded very familiar to me - but it's basically new to me. Worth listening to."
You walk in on a strange man molesting your child, to your right is a gun to your left is a phone, what do you do?|Call the county coroner and tell them to send a van.
Would you date a girl whose best friends are better looking guys than you?|Of course, why should that matter?
What do you like to do on a rainy day?|Go on a walk.
How do you like your eggs?|Ovulated
What are the most badass scenes in the history of badass scenes?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87NLJ8qckwc
What would be the most memorable thing about you after you die?|The size of my coffin and grave
How do you visualise your memories?|"For me, it makes sense to think of a ""memory bank"" in our brains as a library where every memory is a book kept somewhere in the location. To remember it, your brain finds it and recreates it, but every time you lose some of the finer details around it. It may be that some auditory information is lost or the visuals get a bit blurry or sometimes the majority of the audiovisual and sensory information about the memories can be lost. What I mean is that you'll probably remember having fun at camp a few months ago, but you might not remember the exact number of people who were around, what they wore, who was saying what, yadda yadda. Only the things you care to remember or consider important enough will eventually push through into long term memories. Sometimes we have books that get checked out of the library more often. These books get worn out the most and eventually some pages will go missing until the book is reduced to merely a faded cover, maybe just an image in an ever growing catalogue of memories/books. The interesting thing in this analogy is that the brain is like a library which automatically dumps or recycles books which you never bother to check out. It slowly makes you forget about smaller details to make sure that there are enough pages to keep making new books. What I'm saying is that the brain's library is like an automated system with indexing, content addressable lookup and a lot of features like this.  I personally like to visualise the ""memory as a library"" example like this because it also gives me an interesting point to think about: 'Every good library comes with a librarian, doesn't it? If so, then who is the brain's librarian?' I like to believe that the animus is basically the keeper of this library. Over aeons of births and rebirths and experiences, it keeps a thorough record of basically everything it sees and experiences. As the library gets burned down and recreated again, everything that used to be in it is shifted into archives, summarised and kept hidden, only to be known to the librarian. It's an amusing idea for me to consider although I don't know if I would ever claim it to have any scientific or rational merit."
What would be the funniest way to die?|To slip on a banana peel and fall down 10 flights of xylophone stairs.
Redditors who bought bitcoin a year ago, made a ton of money, and then lost most of it, what's your favorite ice cream flavor?|Quarter past three.
What's a good Google Chrome plug-in everyone should install?|Honey  If you're shopping online outside of Amazon, you don't have to search for coupons. It just pops up with the coupon codes to copy-paste.
How do you picture other people you interact with on the internet in your mind?|I figure 50% of them are dudes, and the other 50% are dudes pretending to not be dudes.
Married people with children. How often do you have sex?|About twice a week or so
What lie do you regret the most?|"Telling my parents I had good grades my first semester of college. I failed everything, all I did was socialize. 
I would’ve hidden but I had to tell them when I got an email saying I was on academic suspension.
Wasted their money and lost trust.  LUCKILY I went back the next school year, did just fine. Now I’ve got a forensic psychology degree."
What is your favourite meal to prepare and cook yourself?|a can of whoop ass
People who work at restaurants: what’s the weirdest custom order you’ve received?|Cod Roast Dinner.
what does your cat love but would hate to admit?|Beeing carried around like a baby (only by me).
What's the worst thing you did in high school?|Attend it
How did pink become the common colour for salt and vinegar chips?|pink has always been prawn cocktail in the UK salt and vinegar is either green or blue
How often do people get in a relationship only for lust but not love?|That's 80% of your relationships in your 20s.
How are you doing?|I'm doing average. What about you?
How do you create a subreddit?|"Go to the home page and there's a big old button that says ""Create your own subreddit""."
Which is the best country in the world to study medicine in? why?|I guess it depends, are you looking to study experimental / questionable medicine? If so I'd suggest you look for a non first world country
People of Reddit that have ditched their white-collar careers: What do you do now and was it worth it?|I was working in an office as thier general it guy. I mainly just fixed printers now I'm a cable guy. The pay is much higher but I don't like the long hours and dealing with meth heads in the ghetto all day. If I could land a higher paying it job I would go back in a heart beat.
What is the strangest thing your town is known for?|It’s weird name (Kalamazoo)
Which is the best advice someone has given to you?|In your 20's-learn as much as you can In your 30's-earn as much as you can In your 40's-save as much as you can
If all bills and coins were abolished and a household item was declared as the new currency, what item would make you rich?|Dust bunnies.
If you could “UNwatch” a single show and experience it ALL OVER again for the first time, which show would it be?|The Office
What TV networks feature the most anime? Or are most of them online?|The Pirate Bay
What is the most expensive/most valuable item you have stolen?|The other day an individual bag of apples didn't go through the self scan checkout and I didn't correct it...
What perfectly harmless thing are you addicted to?|Air.  It is as if I just can't live without it.
Reddit, what was the creepiest thing you every experienced as a child?|When I was maybe 6 or 7, I was playing with my friend in a random kid's basement. This kid was a bit older than me. For whatever reason, I decided to take a nap on this couch. I wake up to the kid pointing his father's gun at my head to impress my friend I assume? I have no idea if it was loaded at all, but it was creepy, and scary as hell. Especially because I wasn't used to my naps ending that way.
For any authors here, how long does it take you to write a chapter?|more of a hobby author, but usually it takes me 1-2 hours, depends if I get a writer's block or get really anal about a certain scene.
If you met an all knowing being, and it could transfer any knowledge to you at all, what are the first 3 things you would ask it for?|1. Is there an afterlife? 2. What are the winning numbers to the next $500+ million lottery jackpot? 3. What 10 companies will be most successful stock-wise in the next 20 years?
Do you think people who needlessly badmouth Trump in non-polotics related threads seem salty?|I can't stand people that inject politics into non political things in general, whether it's pro-Trump or anti-Trump. I seek out various forms of digital entertainment not to remind myself how fucked up our world is, but to escape from this world where John Q Citizen is entirely powerless in the face of geopolitical crises into a world of fantastical impossible crises that I'm the *only* one with The Power to fix. I don't need to be reminded how shitty things are while I'm trying to kill a dude that's so powerful he just flat out *ate* an Old God.
what terrible event in history ended up having a silver lining?|We have a ton of the technology that we do now because of ww2
Cheeky but Classy Bus Chants, Whats the Cheekiest bus chant you have heard that doesn't explicitly objectify or harrass minorities?|None lol
What is the meaning of life?|Yay I get to be the first one that says there is no meaning to life but what you give it.
What albums are 100% perfect, start to finish?|*The Wall*
Who’s the shortest person you’ve ever known?|I went to high school with hornswagle from WWE HIS sister is just as short.
What's your favourite joke?|"It's dirty.  Three men walk into a bar and sit down, one of the guys looks at the bartender and asks where the bathroom is. The bartender points it out and the man goes in.  A few minutes later the second man follows him in, and is in there for a long time. The second man finally comes out and the bar tender asks, ""why were you in there for so long, are you okay?"" ""I was blowing bubbles,"" the second man jokes, the bartender laughs at the joke and goes about his business.  The third man then goes into the bathroom, the first man has not come out yet. He walks in to the bathroom and is in there even longer than the second man was. Finally after a long time he comes out.  The bartender asks the third man, ""why were you in there so long?"" The third man repeats what the second man said, ""I was blowing bubbles,"" at this point the bartender just rolls his eyes and keeps on working.  A few minutes later the first man who has been in there all this time comes out, and sits at the bar.  The bartender goes, ""Why were you in there so long, no, wait, let me guess, you were blowing bubbles?"" The first man looks at him and goes, ""No, I *am* Bubbles,"""
If you could be in an all you could eat ______ contest. What food would you choose?|Avocado Toast, so I could finally buy a house
Redditors, what would you think of an 50 year old who still has no degree, no special skills and still works in low skilled jobs?|I dont care, kings and beggars come from the same and go into the same place.
What was your weirdest Uber experience?|From Lyft: ask driver why he is a Lyft driver. Says he can't get a job elsewhere because he is a felon.  OHHHHKAY.
What was the worst movie you have ever seen?|The room
How do you know if people like you?|When they feel comfortable around you and like to talk to you about everything.
Nickelback fans of Reddit, why don’t you want anyone to know you like Nickelback?|Is that a stereotype?
How do you know the right time to flip over an egg or pancake?|When the edges bubble or solidify and start to lift away from the pan just a smidge is usually a good rule of thumb I think
What is the luckiest thing that ever happened to you?|I bought a freshly made donut one afternoon and on my way out of the shop I tripped and fell, throwing the donut as I went. But then a man in front of me caught it by the napkin no less and handed it back to me unharmed.
Baby Spice, Sporty Spice.. what would your Spice Girl nickname be?|Old Spice
How would you have re-written the Godfather III?|Godfather II should have been two separate movies - Nevada and Cuba in the 1950’s and Vito in Little Italy in 1900.
Redditors of South Asia, what's it like to not get rain for the majority of the year?|Well, from someone who live in Southern California, it sucks.
What is the worst thing you could smell?|Death, it sounds cheesy but I’ve encountered that scent too much. The worst thing I can think of. Seriously
People who litter the controversial section with questions about trump, why?|Because he keeps on doing controversial stuff
What is the worst Subreddit?|Pretty even tie between /r/T_D and /r/EnoughTrumpSpam
What unanswered question from a movie/book/video game do you desperately want an answer to?|Did the spinner in inception stop?
What is your worst Tinder moment?|**Its a match** - Me: Hi... *You have been removed* :'(
Do you wipe from the front or the back? What are the main advantages of your technique?|I actually start with the middle and doing more of a crane-like technique to get the bulk of it, rather than spreading it to and fro.  Then I proceed to go from the front to back a few times, then a few more from back to front. And in Japan, we have bidets everywhere so I use that, and lastly I do one more wipe to dry off.
What was the most badass movie you watched that left you feeling so genuinely happy afterwards?|Thor Ragnarok
What are your best sushi making tips for beginners?|Roll fish in rice.
What have you made that you are proud of?|I made this .....::::::.....
How long did it take you to notice changes after going to the gym?|I work out at home, but about a week. And by changes I mean I could do more.
What would happen if there's no carrots left in the world?|We'd all go blind.
Truck drivers of Reddit, what are the weirdest things you have seen in someone else’s car while driving?|"I once had one truck driver say ""seeing a woman stir the pot"". That's when the questions stopped..."
Urban explorers of reddit, what's the coolest, creepiest or strangest thing you've found?|"I was visiting some friends in Southern Ontario in what's typically seen as a college town. We were wandering around these railroad tracks with a sparsely distributed array of aparment buildings, houses, little shopping plazas ... but all in all it was pretty barren. It was about 4 in the afternoon on a Wednesday, and as we're walking down the street, we pass a yellow block of a building w/ a small wooden sign next to a huge metal door to the right of us with the words ""The Wow Store"" written in sharpie. It took us a few paces past the place to finally decide to turn around and check it out - it was all too mysterious. We step in and were not disappointed. Picture a hoarder's house but with the absolute coolest vintage goods, and then what looks like a garage door actually leading to a factory converted into a warehouse with MORE stuff - some dating back to the late 1800s... The placement of all of these things were somehow deliberately precarious. A few minutes after tinkering with toys and drooling over the EnTiRe Warehouse wall in the back full of books - this tiny, tiny approx. 85 year old man comes sneaking around to greet us and we spent more than two hours there speaking of his life story, his childhood battle with typhus, his brother's death, conscription in the army, family history, near bankruptcy for stubbornly keeping the store alive, solid life advice, and cute little anecdotes... we walked out with two bar stools for my friend's barren apartment, and hearts aglow for a lifetime."
What would you name the current stock market crash?|The Glitch That Turned Out To Be Nothing At All Although The Media Covered It As If It Was Going To Be The End Of The World Of 2018
What's your cause? How are you making a difference, and what can others do to help your cause today?|Well I guess I have to get on with this, sigh.
To people who dont flush after using a public restroom why?|Because they’re filthy assholes.
How common is it for people to get in a relationship where they do not love each other in the first place?|Most relationships don't start out because two people love each other. Takes time and getting to know a person to properly fall in love with them. That said,  relationships either get stronger or fall apart with time.
What is a company or organization but is generally regarded as positive, is actually pretty scammy or bad?|Autism Speaks is a massive con job on the public and parents of autistic children.
What would you do if you were about to be killed and eaten by cannibals but you have at your disposal a box of your old science fair projects?|Throw them up and run like hell.
What from the present will withstand the test of time?|Spam
How much do you spend on Valentines Day?|Depends on how lonely I feel
What is the best way to get away with tapping someone’s shoulder and not getting caught?|Have someone else do the tapping.
Convenience store/gas station employees: What is the weirdest thing you've seen at your job?|A UFO and I once found a bloody 12 inch dildo about as thick as my wrist in the women's restroom floor
What is the most unusual but rewarding volunteer work you've ever done?|When I was seventeen, I was in a T shirt printing shop that a mate used to own. Whilst there, a guy came in and wanted a picture of an orphan printed on a T Shirt. As my mate started work on it, I began chatting with the guy and his wife. I discovered that he ran a local charity that delivered food, aid, and medical supplies to the orphanages, hospitals and villages in Romania. This was back in the early 90's and the whole situation was being highlighted in the news, so I was aware of the problems. One week later I was in the truck driving across Europe heading to Iasi in Romania. I spent a good few months there, working in the various places. I saw lots of horrific things, but its still the most rewarding thing I've ever done in my life. Working with the kids was fantastic, they literally had nothing, but gave so much love. Apart from the clothes, food, and supplies we provided, the kids just appreciated the time and affection the whole team gave them.  The great thing is that it was a huge life lesson for me too. Any difficult times I've encountered in my life as I've got older, have definitely been made easier, as I can always recall that experience and remember the situation those kids and people were in. Its easy for me to see that things aren't always as bad as they seem, and there's always people a lot worse off.  I definitely think I gained and learned so much from those kids, hopefully as much as the little I could give to each of them.
What makes you love someone, what specific things, ideas, looks, quirks, or shared experiences have given you the most deep feeling of love for another person in your life ?|Never loved anyone because of things about them. I dont think we can direct love, we only receive it.
What's the first smartphone you used?|BlackBerry
Why do you deserve to live in the country that you do?|All my stuff is here, and it doesn't deserve to be abandoned.
What subreddits have you unsubscribed from and why?|Politics. I understand Trump isn’t popular but that sub is purely biased imo.
What makes you more relaxed than anything?|My wife. When I'm sat dicking around on my computer or watching tv and she just sits next to me and rests her head on my shoulder. The girl soothes my soul.
With Oprah thinking of running and Hanks potentially a great running mate; what would be an awesome lineup for 2020?|people with legitimate political experience
What episode of a T.V. show made you stick with the series?|LOST, last episode of season 4 (they move the island, you see who gets off the island & how). The final two seasons were freakin weird, but all the questions and excitement from that episode helped fuel me to finish it out.
Watch-wearers: which wrist and why?|left because i'm right handed
What is your preferred method of stress management?|Yell at innocent bystanders
What's the most stressful day that you have ever had, and why?|The day I found out my wife had left me for another man. I was also dealing with a family member who had a severe substance abuse problem. All the stress from the family member and the realization of what happened to my marriage kinda caused me to snap. I remember calmly getting into my car and driving to the park that I would take my lunch breaks at. I proceeded to absolutely lose my shit. Screaming, crying, hitting the steering wheel. All the cliches. I woke up a bit later having realized I passed out due to hyperventilation. Not a pleasant experience. But I'm better now.
People who worked at a bank and had experienced a robbery, what happened and what was going through your head at the moment?|"You don't even know it happened. It's just ""oh a note, *We have a little girl and we'll blow her brains out if you...*, Whatever here's the money, it's all insured anyway. Sure hope this 3 grand is worth 15 years in prison ya dipshit"""
What TV commercial enticed you to buy their product?|When Gears of War originally came out I remember that first commercial with I think the evanescence song (I think it was that song) and I turned to my mom and said I am going to go get that the day it comes out
What is your typical order at Subways? What do you order if you're trying to lose weight?|I don't eat there
What is your favourite business slogan and why?|Arby's, we have the meats! It's catchy and hilariously used
What’s the best thing about your hometown?|Great local food scene
You can choose the time and circumstance of any one person’s death (including yourself). What do you pick?|Myself, the MOMENT I turn 55, Explode into a cloud of confetti
what was your best vacation?|Turkey, hands down. Best place I've visited with the most hospitable people. We went a couple years ago right before shit really started hitting the fan. I really hope Erdogen gets out soon and they are able to correct course, it's a wonderful and beautiful country.
Which food would taste better when eaten underwater?|Seafood
What would be the scariest thing an AI could say to you?|Your browser history is fascinating
What movie changes the most drastically when you recast the lead actor?|Any movie?
What's your favorite acronym?|B. O. B. O. D. D. Y.
What's a funny name for a WiFi network?|YellPenisForPassword
Why is religion such a big thing in US politics?|It's a great way to get a solid block of voters for no reason other than the fact that you (claim to) believe the same thing.
What are your tips for curving hunger spells during a juice cleanse?|Don't do a 'juice cleanse.'  The hunger spells are your body's natural need for food.   Listen to your body's natural, healthy signals to you. Honor your body's wisdom.  Make yourself a sandwich.
Which group of people have you found to be the most appreciative of you trying to speak their native language?|Definitely the French.  They WILL NOT speak English to you in their own country if you approach them speaking English first but if you make an attempt at speaking in French, even a really bad one, they'll instantly ask if you speak English and will interect with you in English.  In my experience English is taught very well in French schools and many of her citizens speak good English - but they are a proud, independent country who take great pride in their beautiful language and are very appreciative of those of us who attempt to speak it.
Men of Reddit, what do you prefer tits or ass?|Ass
If you could pick any superpower, what would you choose?|Superspeed all the way.
Non-Southerners of Reddit, how do you view Mardi Gras?|On the internet, it's too far away for me to use a telescope.
What's easier done than said?|"Try saying ""anilingus"" with your lips attached to someone's asshole and then tell me which is easier to do."
What do you miss the LEAST from the 90s?|Dial up internet service.
What non-scary movie scared/traumatized you as a child?|The Never Ending Story. That scary wolf snarling in the lighting shit me right up.
To call center workers, how much does it matter if I complete one of those post-call surveys and does it matter what I say?|It's part of the metrics used to determine performance reviews, and whether you get a raise or are fired. So heck yeah it matters!
Whats that one petty thing you can't let go?|People who bump me in public places and dont apologize, or when I hold the door open and they dont acknowledge me.
What is the best cover version of a preexisting song ever?|The Jimi Hendrix cover of All Along the Watchtower stands out.
What's the worst tasting thing you've had to pretend to like?|A NSFW tag might be helpful.
"What was your greatest ""Oh fuck"" moment?"|When I achieved a life-long goal I had, it was that revelation of that I finally did it.
How does one shit on a wall?|oh like a poo doodle or a poodle. Its a real mystery op
How is it to be old and single?|Fun.  I don't need to clean out the garage and I don't need to ask to go golfing.
What's your philosophy on tipping?|I'm poor so I tip as little as I can without being a dick
What’s your favorite food?|man sometimes i get these cravings for sushi like nothing else will satisfy and god damnit its worth it every time FUCK i love sushi op
What is the most illogical statement you have ever heard ?|"""What goes around comes around."" Idk if it's just me but this statement has no meaning to me whatsoever. It just doesn't make sense. I get that it has to do with karma or something but the wording is just really bad."
If the real world was a Role Playing Game, what would be your Class, Level, and highest Attributes?|Level 17 loser virgin, capable of alienating people in one conversation.
What is the first time you experienced extreme emotion?|never, that's the thing
Scientists on Reddit, what are some scientific theories that you personally think are false?|Might want to ask on /r/askscience, if this kind of post is allowed there.
What's a good way to reduce stress?|Masturbate
What are some things that the general public is told not to do, but you do anyway?|illegal things
What's the most amount of money you've ever made for the littlest amount of work?|"One time I was asked to come into work on a Saturday because there were some out of state employees that would be relaying some work to the office that needed to be processed at our main base of operations.  
I knew it would be slow because it was friggin Saturday and we're usually closed on Saturdays. I brought my xbox in and hooked it up to a computer monitor and played for 7 of the 8 hours I was there.  
So a days worth of pay for like an hours worth of work."
How would society treat a person who has stopped aging? What measures would said person have to endure to protect their rights?|There's a movie about this called The age of Adaline. It's excellent.
If you could have your life be narrated by someone, who would it be?|Gilbert Gottfried
Why are my lips always dry I drink plenty of water?|Simply wetting something only temporarily removes dryness, most cases worsens how dry they are after they are no longer wet. You should try using lip balm or cream. In the winter my hands get incredibly dry and I need to use cream or my knuckles bleed.
What was the biggest fight you’ve ever been in with your current SO about?|Me erasing part of the whiteboard in her part of the study.  She had some equations written on it for a class she was proctoring and hadn't transferred them to her notes yet.  I backed into it while vacuuming and erased part of it with my tushie.  A total accident but boy was she pissed at me for weeks afterward.
What's something about your job that you really enjoy?|Its just a job.
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?|S K A
what names can you not stand to see anymore?|donald
What is your favorite Game?|i just lost it
What movies can be fast-forwarded to the last 15 minutes or so and you can pick up whats going on and really wouldn't have missed anything?|Star Wars 8
"What is your ""When wildlife attacks"" story?"|I was attacked by a goat at a two-way petting zoo.
What is an issue that's constantly overlooked by the leaders and politicians in your state/country?|Climate change
Teachers of Reddit, What's the Worst Experience You've Ever Had With a Child?|Piano Teacher And I tried the general approach but he was just not interested outside of lesson time. I tried to use music from games he played or from his interests to spark his attention and see if he could focus his practicing with something he would be interested in learning. But, after a few more lessons, I had to tell the parents straightforwardly. “I can teach him how to play these songs, but he doesn’t seem to show interest on how to play piano, just things he wants” It was the worst experience because it’s the first time I had to tell a parent I was unable to help their kid anymore
What story perfectly describes your luck?|The count of Monte Cristo
"What's your best/worst experience with a ""gatekeeper""?"|I’m an avid music lover. And I was told that I cannot consider myself a EDM love if i didn’t know or attend a set by some coming up DJ that plays private shows that are announced last minute
What is your favorite entertainment for cross country road trips?|Hannah Montana album on repeat. Next.
What's your fondest sibling memory?|Hiking in Colorado with my brother
People of reddit who are over-qualified and under-employed, what’s your story?|i hate my job
Whats the worst date you can possibly imagine?|No date.
Who's your most hated character in a TV series?|Scrappy fucking Doo
How do you know when to stop masterbating?|When you see blood.
What's your favorite subreddit to kill time on?|I live in this one.
What are some movies/shows with good application of time dilation concept?|I'm gonna answer nearly that question - The Forever War by Joe Halderman is a book, but realllly easy to pick up.  The soldiers are whipped out into the black and, thanks to dilation, only age a few months only to return to an earth decades, or even centuries, outside the one they left.
Which is the best sports game right now?|eSports.
Why is Trump angry with Pakistan?|he doesn't like brown people
Does Black Mirror get better after the first episode why or why not?|Depends on your definition of better. I definitely prefer every episode after the first
You can have one food for the rest of your life, what is it?|Pizza
Dads of reddit, what was your first reaction when you found out you would be a dad?|"""... Okay."" I seem to get my emotions on some sort of delayed release or something.  I was actually really excited/scared afterward, but it took something like a day to kick in."
People who don't watch porn and why?|Besides already having a so, I would also like to  know.
Women of Reddit, what is/are the most attractive physical attribute or men?|I am a big fan of strong big hands and veiny arms. Also something about the shape of male lips and mouth can really make or break a man's attraction to me.
What is the most serious crime or misdeed you've been falsely accused of?|I work at a hospital. A patient once accused me of assaulting them in their hospital room. This is a patient I had only had a very brief, civil, interaction with on the phone, so I don’t think it was personal, I think they were trying to shake down the hospital for money and didn’t care if they ruined my life in the process.  Lucky for me I had literally never been in the building where they were inpatient. I also was in business meetings in an off site location the day the assault supposedly took place. Lastly, I’m 4’11”, at the time weighed about 92 lbs, and I’m a vegetarian who LITERALLY wouldn’t hurt a fly. The idea of me assaulting a large male patient who was not incapacitated is honestly comical.   What bothered me most is there was no repercussions for the patient. When presented with the incontrovertible evidence that they were lying, they admitted to being “mistaken,” as if you can just accidentally make a claim like that. No, they didn’t ruin my life, but they tried, and experienced no consequences for it.
What are some negitive things no one tells you about what seem to be easy and cushy jobs?|If you have 1/2 a brain, you'll get bored eventually.
Do you feel like you have been the same person your entire life? Why or why not?|Definitely not. I can't say why, but I know that my younger self feels as though they were a different person that I've just held onto the memories of. The interesting thing though is the split seems to be when I moved to England. The version of me that lived in Scotland feels like an entirely different me.
What’s a question you hate being asked?|I'm a lesbian....i hate when people ask me who's the man between my wife and I. Neither. That's sort of the point.
What is the worst fast food restaurant?|Burger King
Which gadget/s or item/s do you enjoy so much that if it was lost or broken, you would immediately go out and buy an identical one - and why?|Phones, MP3 players, radios, kitchen ware etc. What is so great about your current one?
which game is the most exciting game you have ever played?|high school football. something about being under the lights with your home crowd makes it the most fun game to play
When has someone you know been blissfully unaware of how badly they fucked up?|Back when I managed a coffee shop in college, we had a company called Aramark that came and changed out our towels and rugs and what have you twice a week. There was one rug that was really big and a pain in the butt to move to sweep and mop under at close everyday.   Suffice it to say, one of my employees took it upon herself to cut it in half to make it easier to use. She was super proud of herself, too, when she arrived the next day and I asked her what the hell happened. She had somehow never realized that the rugs were switched out every few days, which meant we didn’t own them and even if we did, she was not allowed to alter company property.   In any case, we got charged an arm and a leg for the rug and I lost my quarterly bonus because it screwed up our budget.
Employers of reddit, what’s the worst story you’ve received from an applicants references?|Recently had a guy put his dad down as a reference.  He didn't.
What, in retrospect, is the weirdest thing you did as a child?|I used to like catching bees with my bare hands, I wasn't the smartest kid
Men of reddit who sends dick pics. Why do it and what do you get out of it?|Pussy pics
What's becoming a worrying trend?|Willingness to accept false facts
What's your go to line when you forget someone's name?|What’s your name?
Women of Reddit, how often do you get catcalls? Are you offended? Are you flattered?|It happens a few times a week. When I am with my daughter, it pisses me off. When I am physically touched, it pisses me off. Otherwise, I've come to just ignore it.
What would be your ideal PSA?|Republicans still elections
What would you say is the most important thing to keep in mind while in college?|* there are many people there, if you don't like your friends, make some new ones * network among people in your field and area before you leave college * don't smoke/drink your entire college career away, there will be plenty of time for that after school.
People who dropped out of college, why? Where are you now? What does your future look like?|I'm thinking of starting a business but I'm chilling right now
What if using cellphones were to be a cause for cancer, would you stop using your phone?|Good God, no. I'd change to an all-unlimited plan...
What's your usual nightly routine?|I dunno. I usually sleep through the whole thing.
What is your gross guilty pleasure meal/snack — the one you'd make but never tell anyone because it is shameful (but delicious)?|"You know the topping you make to put on muffins or coffee cake? Something like butter, flour, brown sugar, and cinnamon? Only once or twice but I've made it just to eat raw. Literally not one ""healthy"" ingredient in that."
People who have had to use life vests on airplanes, what happened? How'd it go?|My friend was terrified and I did it to get him to shut up.
In your life, who do you have to walk on eggshells around to keep from offending them?|Friend has a Jewish gf and me and my friends are very non - pc people
People who have worked in courts, what is the most ridiculous thing you have seen/heard in court?|The judge yelled order and the defendent requested a pizza.
What are some classic memes that will always make you chuckle?|The crazy girlfriend one.  Very relatable.
You’re told you have to have your eyes surgically removed. What’s the last thing you want to see?|A *really* competent doctor.
Men of Reddit, what do you really want for Valentine's Day from your SO?|i dont need anything. valentines day isnt a real holiday. just for women to get little gifts from men.
What interview question have you answered really well? What did you say?|WHAT IS YOUR DRUG AND ALCOHOL POLICY
If you could ask an animal any question, and with their own understanding could answer you back, what would you ask them?|I’d ask my pet rats what I could do to make them happier and if they could please cuddle me. They’re nervous boys and I’m always worried they aren’t happy
What's your favourite city and why?|Flavortown
People who studied abroad, what was your experience coming home after your trip? Did you experience reverse culture shock?|Two years in Latvia and one in Russia. When I went back to Spain I was in a really bad and angry mood for two weeks.
What is the coolest album you ever heard?|Man on the Moon by Kid Cudi.
How do you politely turn down THAT person that keeps asking if you can hang out?|Stop dragging them along and end the friendship if you don't like them. Damn..
Out of rock, paper, or scissors, which one can you relate most with and why?|Scissors. i'm not really strong but I'm not flimsy either
What if Disney buys DC ?|Then we might get a decent Justice League movie
What are some corrupt charities?|"- pink ribbon
- anything to do with schools fundraising (and most for things like scouts, sports, etc...)
- PETA"
Close your eyes, think about your ex for 30 second and then open your eyes, Now what the first word you wana say?|I.
What movie will you NOT understand on your first viewing?|Primer
What is the most heartbreaking thing someone has said to you?|Perry ruined the podcast again.
Marvel or DC? Why?|Spider-Man
What movie from the 70s/80s/90s that has cgi or special effects would you like to see remade today?|Maybe Alien, but they wouldn't probably find a way to ruin it.
What is that one food that looks/sounds horrible, but actually tastes amazing?|Frog legs
Reddit, what was a reality TV Show you used to watch until you learned it had destructive effects on individuals, industries, etc?|America’s Next Top Model
If a group of crafty finance folks wanted to coordinate an algorithm-driven stock market plunge (e.g. so that certain stock prices dropped and could be bought quick cheap before the market recovered), how would they go about doing that...?|Why would I tell you?
People who only comment using memes, how do you interact with people in the outside world?|i get punched daily i dont feel pain anymore
why the sky is blue?|It's not. It's an illusion, like death.
Fat men of Reddit, what will you do when neck beards go out of style?|They were never in style. Doesn't mean I'm going to shave it off to be trendy.
Morons of Reddit, why are you so dumb?|Huh?
What are the best laptops for gaming?|Macbook Air :))
Redditors who suffer from anxiety, have you ever resigned from a job because of it?|almost every job i've had.
What celebrity do you like that everyone else hates?|Justin Bieber actually seems like a cool dude now...
If Mary is the mother of the sister in-law of my dad's only brother -- who is Mary to me?|Pretty sure you could fuck her and it wouldn't be incest.
TSA workers, what type of shit people try to sneak into planes?|TSA workers would be the last to know. They miss something like 99% of banned items when they're tested.
What is happening at your place right now?|I'm getting ready to give up my pound of flesh.
If you could instantly create a fad, what would it be and why?|Wearing top hats
What's the next thing after bitcoin that gives a ROI of 10000% after a few years?|Ammo, water, viable human eggs
What do you appreciate that everyone else hates?|Having time alone.
What are the best Valentine's Day gifts?|Someone to love.
What is a habit you want to give up in the next few years?|Smoking.
Teachers/Professors of Reddit what do you think of RatemyTeacher/Professor?|I think that the people who use it to rate teachers are not, in general, the people whose opinions about my teaching would be most useful.
How do you figure out whether or not a book you own is a first edition copy?|Look up who the original publisher is, and see if the book you have is by that publisher.  Also check the inside cover for print date
What was So Bad about that pizza order?|some FUCKNUT ordered mushrooms
Theresa May is taking Britain out of the EU’s customs union – but what comes next?|ok
Men of Reddit, what is your weirdest Boner-Trigger?|No-reason boner.
People who have deleted social media(Facebook, Instagram, etc.) how has your quality of life improved since making this change?|It only improved.
What are some Reddit life hacks that you know of?|Make a second account for porn.
You are dressed and heading out to work when your partner asks you to climb back in bed and cuddle for 10 minutes what do you do?|Does it matter if you'll be late for work?
WHY do avocados go from unripe to overripe instantaneously?|Sorcery
What is the biggest mind blow ever?|Sharks are older than trees.
If suddenly thrown two centuries back in time, with only the knowledge you have now and the materials of the time period, what would you come up with to become the new richest person?|I wouldn't touch anything/do anything that would break the course of time for 180 years and invest a shit-ton in Apple.
People who moved away from home, do you regret it? Do you plan to move closer to your parents?|Yes and yes.
What is your favorite sex moment?|Honestly the first time I had my face buried in my gf's ass I remember thinking that it was everything I imagined it would be. Pure bliss I've experienced maybe once or twice in my life.
What greatly exceeded your expectations?|The Lego Batman movie
You are given one month, 32 trained baboons, a drunken midget sidekick and $100,000,000. How do you cause the most chaos?|Take the hundred Gs and leave.
What are your thoughts on peeing in the shower?|Pretty much everyone has done it at least once.
What do you think of updog?|what's updog?
Security people of Reddit who watch cams, what's the most supernatural or unexplainable event you've witnessed via cam?|How about the funniest?  I'm on a military base and there's a 1 AM curfew for our lowest ranking folks here.  It's always funny watching the camera at the gate at 1255 AM and seeing them running across the intersection only to trip and faceplant, then crawl the rest of the way to the gate just so they don't break curfew.  Brings tears of pure enjoyment to my eyes :-)
Reddit, what’s your epic fart story?|Deadass, farted so long and hard that my roommates didn’t believe it was a real fart. Then it hit em.
What do you guys think of the Ugandan Knuckles meme?|Its perhaps a bit overplayed now (like any meme gets) but I think its conceptually funny, sprung up in a nice way, and has been used in some different creative ways.
Besides Rocket League, what other competitive PS4 games are best played with a controller?|Not sure if this counts since I have it on PC, but any of the Dark Souls games are an absolute MUST with a controller. You think they're hard on their own? Try it with a keyboard and mouse.
If tinder introduced filters to help narrow down what kind of match you want WHAT KIND OF FILTERS WOULD YOU WANT?|Fake vs real.
What's the weirdest reason you've seen a couple break up?|I was dating a doctor one time and the way she texted drove me crazy. She’d say “r” for “are” or “ur” for “you’re”, etc. She also added “lol” to the end of most her sentences. She was beautiful, smart, funny. Everything. I just couldn’t handle it and broke up with her.
Singles of Reddit, how long have you been single?|Whole life.
We always hear about fallacious reasoning to not believe in something- Reddit, what are the most wrong/incorrect reasons that people believe in actually true things?|"I will start!  
People believe that heat causes people to become more violent, and thus crime rates go up in the summer. However, this is generally misplaced reasoning.  Cold weather keeps people inside to stay warm, so no one is around each other to commit crimes. When it gets hotter, more people are out and about, and social exposure increases. More people near each other generally results in more crime."
Your favourite fictional character takes over your body for a week.What's your life now?|A bit the same in some places.
What television show have you been on and how was it?|Mom's home movies. Not bad - 3.5 out of 5.
what are the top 3 social media sites?|reddit,reddit, and reddit
Swallow your pride and give your mom credit; what was she actually right about?|Shouldn't have married that crazy bitch.
what is think you mostly remember in the last year 2017?|The month of august, because I was living in a garage then.
If you had to move Mount Everest how would you go about doing it?|Hella explosives.
What is the weirdest dream you have ever had?|The weirdest dream I can remember is one where I'm walking home and a giant fist comes out of the ground and opens up. In that hand was a naked old man dancing. That's all that I can remember.
What should the title be for the next installment in the Fast&Furious franchise?|"""Fast & Furious: Now They're Driving Transformers"""
People who work at a fast food place: How how long did it take to you to hate their food?|Worked at Arby's for a few months. 2 weeks in the smell of curly fries made me want to turn my head and vomit.
What was the worst bullying you have been through and how did you overcome it?|Mines pretty mild compared to what i hear other people go through. Kids are jerks.
"What does Chandler mean by ""Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black""?"|He was just notorious for wearing the same ugly blue blazer in almost every interview in the nineties.
Professors of Reddit, what advice and secret tips do you have for exams?|"not a professor, but as one of mine told me ""if you study high, take the test high"" it's all about sense memory recall"
Why or why not is it pointless to learn about history if a lot of it can be inaccurate for reasons such as bias?|Because while some aspects of history might be presented with a biased view, the fact that something happened doesn't change. Not to mention, we can learn a lot from past mistakes.
What benign memory are you surprised you has stayed in your mind this long?|Visiting Busch Gardens when I was 3: We parked in section Scotland 10.
cyclists of reddit, why do you prefer a bike over a car?|I’m 10 years old.
What has been a nightmare that left you scarred for life?|When I was a kid I had a recurring nightmare about Eagle-sized wasps chasing me and I was unable to run away.  To this day, I cannot function like a normal person if I notice a wasp flying around.
If you knew your next meal would be your last, what would you have?|Large thin crust pepperoni pizza
What's your worst sexual experience?|her penis was bigger than mine
What two characters played by the same actor would hate each other's guts?|Bruce Wayne and Beetlejuice
Asking for science, which movies had the most controversial nudity/ sexuality?|People lost their shit over *Showgirls*...
What accessory for men is just not cool ?|Scarfs
Professionals of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing anyone who thinks they know your job better than you said to you?|"""No, Johnny would never bully another child! He has the best temperament at home."""
How would you describe your dreams: old film, first person live theater, slideshare or shapes and colors?|I don't know what slideshare is, but most of the time my dreams are first person with an occasional one where I'm a third person observer.
Shitty people of Reddit, what event in your life made you realize that you're an awful person?|A person? Ha, I was biting off other sperms tails before my father even came!
Are you on AHDH or ADD meds? How have they effected you?|ADHD and it is a bit hard to concentrate and sit in one place without movie
You have 1 hour to get yourself onto the FBI's most wanted list. How do you do it?|Its simple. We KILL the BATMAN
Who uses reddit just to enjoy yourself, forget 9GAG and just watch funny posts?|9gag is just a long forgotten shitty memory op
Cowboy hat people of Reddit; what cool experiences and powers does sporting a Cowboy give you?|people say i look dope.
Where do you store your receipts? How do you organize them?|"My mum has a book where she writes everything down. My grandma on the other hand has like 10 binders with rec...
Never mind I just realized that you’re not talking about recipes.  About organizing them, it depends if its for a business or for private."
Women of Reddit, what REALLY goes through your mind when you see a guy with a great body or nice ass? NSFW|Same thing that goes through anyone's mind,  *R E V O L U T I O N*
People who've lost their bottle of urine on the side of the interstate: How did it happen?|I don't think they 'lost' it, I think they chucked it out of their window doing 60mph down the highway
what is the main logic an atheist for don't believe The God ?|I think the main logic is that there's no really good evidence *for* the existence of gods.
How did you discover Reddit and what were your first impressions?|"When I was first dating my bf, he would pull up mostly picture subs on his 50"" tv/monitor and we would scroll through them for hours on the couch, just relaxing.  I'm a cat person so it was a cakewalk for him to find things to entertain me.  I also love horrible things, so he found that out... Later when he moved in with me I realized Reddit is *not actually* all gifs of cats being jerks and crime scene photos of purified corpses, unfortunately.  It's mostly butts.  At least, his is."
What movie scene has the worst CGI ever?|I wasn't a huge fan of Avatar.  It was just an over the top CGI heavy retelling of Pocahontas.
Dead people of reddit, what is it like to die and is there an afterlife?|I have no complaints.  The Wi-Fi is bitchin'.
What happens to all those throw away accounts?|They're thrown away
What are the 10 most significant events in your life that made you into the person you are today?|"1) Mom bought me Pokémon Yellow for Christmas, got me interesting in reading and watching anime
2) Moved to a new school and had trouble adapting, spent most of my time in detention for fighting with other kids 
3) Reading the Harry Potter books sparked my interest in fantasy writing, grades started to improve 
4) Got hooked on various collectible card crazes (Pokémon, Yugioh, Magic the Gathering)
5) Joined a community youth group in high school and made a few close friends 
6) Summer camp in Québec was my first time living on my own, taught me about independence and how fun learning new languages can be 
7) Went to university in Japan and lived with a host family, met my (ex) girlfriend 
8) Taught myself programming in university and began to create video games in my spare time 
9) Graduated university and went to work as a teacher in Germany, became an ""adult""
10) Got a job as an English teacher in China, started eating healthier and working out"
What gender do you associate to each digit?|what.
Would you commit a crime for someone? Who are they and how far would you go?|I could probably do anything for my family or close friends, no matter how bad, and maybe enjoy it if I knew it was keeping them safe.
Why are you so lonely?|Because I am genuinely uninteresting and depression and anxiety makes me not seek out people to talk to at all, despite the fact that part of the reason for my depression is lack of human contact. I tend to enjoy being alone more essentially because I feel like most people will not enjoy talking to me in the first place, so why bother trying.
What's your best Mario Kart memory?|Wired up a Super Nintendo, portable tv, with a car battery in a backpack and played Mario Kart in down time during finals week in high school.
People get most nostalgic for music from when they were age 14-22, is this true for you, why or why not?|More 12-25/26, but it seems like a common phenomenon.
What’s the “that’s it, I’m moving to Canada!” of other countries?|"""That's it! I'm moving to America!"""
"Ladies of Reddit, what height for a man do you consider ""short"" ?"|"I'm a really tall gal so most guys look ""short"" to me.  Doesn't stop them being attractive as hell!  I hate to see ""short guys"" with hang-ups about their height - let your personality do the talking and besides, we're all the same height lying down xxx"
Long time couples of Reddit. How is your sex life? (NSFW|Not bad. We have sex once or twice a week.
Who are your top 5 movie/tv characters?|"1. That guy from Antman. You know the one.
2. Deadpool
3. Herr Starr from Preacher
4. Saint of killers from the same
5. Batman from The Lego Movie"
If you could be playing any video game right now, what would it be?|The original Rollercoaster Tycoon
When do you take down Christmas decorations?|Never. Because I never put them up.
What are your favourite lines from any Nobel?|Eureka!
You quit your job today what’s the first thing you do?|Search for a better job
What is your favorite actor or actress's worst movie role to date?|Who cares? Salma Hayek is gorgeous always and makes everything good.
What would you to like to have a different name for and why?|I never understood why jet skis are called jet skis and not boatorbikes.
What is a good song to “flash quotes” to on the beats yet has enough time in between the beats for people to read the quotes?|Depends on how big the quotes are, how many words ect... EG - If you were gonna have 1 word per flash, then any song would do
People who send me multiple ‘6-seconds long’ snaps from the concert, why you do it?|I've never been to a concert, but probably because they care enough about you to share their experiences with you
What is your most shameful moment?|"I was at handball training with my team and had some digestion issues . I shited on locker room and whole bathroom and escaped. 
Next day whole scholl knew."
"Who is one person you just want to tell to ""shut the fuck up"" and why?"|Trump.  Whether you like him or loath him, he needs to just shut up and act like a President.
What's something at a middle school reading level that's actually good to read, but doesn't come off as too kid-ish?|I really enjoyed the Percy Jackson books well into high school now. I am confident that I would still enjoy them now
Reddit, what's your favourite insult IRL?|The best part of you dribbled down your mother's leg.
When and how will Reddit die?|Not with a bang, but a whimper.
Which joke you never got?|A lot of the internet jokes like rage faces and fat knuckles for example.  Never understood what made these funny. I like memes though, just don't want the same one spammed over and over...
What's your worst public toilet experience?|I hate going in any toilet that is not work or home.  Obvious exceptions for Hotels. My wife and I were on a plane heading towards our honeymoon destination.  And it hit.  Like, I am good at holding it.  But this was. not. happening. So I saunter to the airplane bathroom and take one of my smelliest shits ever.  was HORRIFYING. I couldn't look anyone in the eye the whole flight.  But there was no avoiding it.  Came out of nowhere
How do you cheer yourself up?|masturbate
What’s the most messed up dream you have ever experienced?|So I randomly thought “I want a Ferrari” (I don’t know why I don’t even care about cars) and then it fell on my head and killed me.  I didn’t know I was dreaming, so I didn’t know my wish would actually come true.
Deaf people of reddit, how scary is farting in public?|This is a question that needs answering
which is the most beautiful country in the world?|New Zealand looks amazing. Never been there but I hope I can someday
What subreddits have the best inside jokes?|Choosing beggars
What are you thinkig now?|What’s the post that will hit r/all
How do you picture yourself in your mind?|Everywhere I go, Sephiroth's theme plays.
Who are some actors who only got into Hollywood because of nepotism?|Dakota Johnson Cara Delevingne Jaden Smith Tori Spelling Charlie Sheen Rumer Willis Kate Hudson Melissa Rivers The not good ones of the Baldwin brothers.
Reddit, what are some of your best sleepwalking stories?|My own is fairly tame - I used to get up in the night and go around the house turning all the lights on, then I would go back to bed.  It got annoying because my parents always accused me of playing video games when I should be sleeping and I'm like...why would I turn all the lights on if I'm trying to be sneaky? Best story though is my high school math teachers daughter, who sleepwalked into the kitchen, opened the fridge, turned around and bent over and pissed all over EVERYTHING inside.  Then closed the door and went back to bed.  That was an awkward breakfast the next morning, I can imagine.
What's your favourite sports blooper?|Colts play, ive never laughed so hard during a game.
What are some elaborate misconceptions that seriously need to be corrected?|Disagreeing with the president is not being a traitor to one’s country.
Adults of reddit how do you meet new people?|Join clubs. I'm a member of 2 different clubs. Gets me out of the house 3 nights a week
What are the key elements of any business plan?|Make profit.
What do you find to be the most hard-hitting, controversial, piece of art you've seen?|Hitler's university entrance exam. It'd be 20x what you need now a days to get admitted into art school. But it's made by a mass murderer.
Reddit,What kind of food do you like most?|Mac n' Cheese 4 lyfe.
What was the best purchase you made under $50 in the last twelve months and why?|Scratch off lotto ticket, won $500.
When you were a child what did another child tell you about sex that horrified you?|That after sex, you will have a boner that lasts a whole day.
What is on your bucket list?|I'd like to visit Iceland at some point.  The pictures people post of it look beautiful.
What's an unusual skill that you posses?|i helicopter dick and pee at the same time
What is the weirdest/most ignorant question someone has asked you about your culture?|“Are you legal?” .. been asked a lot of times. Also, “Where are you really from?”
What would happen if we legalized all drugs?|Not a lot...
"What other words like ""walkie talkies"" sound extremely stupid when you think about them?"|Flip Flops
Procrastinators of Reddit, what are you putting off?|Working, I might get fired soon.
Which movie has the best soundtrack?|Fantasia
Without googling, what do you know about Switzerland?|Hot girls
Fast food workers of Reddit, what are the craziest food combinations you ever seen ordered?|A meatball sub but double meat so 12 meatballs instead of six, and substitute the sub roll for sliced bread. Add every vegetable and sauce add bacon and pepperoni double cheese. It was basically impossible to make.
What can’t you afford ?|To be broke.
What fashion concept of 2010's will be regretted later?|Those Aladdin pants
I turn 24 tomorrow, how long will it take until people like me again?|why do people not like you op
To people who align themselves in the center of the political spectrum, what aspects from both the left and the right do you agree with?|Gays are cool, taxes are bad.
"What are ""typical"" night jobs?"|The ones that happen at night.
What flavor should Jones Soda make?|Snauzberries
What is your favorite fruit/vegetable, why?|Pomegranate. I love the unique flavour. The things are bitches to prepare though.
Redditors dealing with depression/mental illness at a university, what are your biggest anxieties?|"Grades are a pretty big source. The ""I can't even get myself out of bed some days"" and the ""I feel good when I work hard and I'd like to get good grades"" combination makes me pretty anxious. My social life causes a little but that's largely related to grades. My friends don't know about my depression and they're all really high achievers. They see me slip and they view it as laziness. They always mean well and try to get me on track, but it makes me worry about how I'm viewed by my peers. My apartment has been one lately. It's pretty messy and I don't like that. Coming home to a messy house doesn't help me recover from the day very well."
What's a commonly misused piece of equipment?|The box aluminum foil comes in. You're supposed to press in those little tabs on the side, so the roll stays in place.
What complaints will millenials have about younger generations?|The same ones every generation has about the younger generations.  They're lazy, they're immoral, they're ruining the country, etc.
If you had to escape prison using only the power of summoning plastic cutlery in your hands, how would you do it?|I'd put my hand in a fist, and hold it close to the bars. Then, when the cutlery materialized in my hand, it'd be angled so it materializes inside the bars. I'd do that until I make cuts in all the bars to remove them.
what cover song is better than the original?|Jimi's All Along the Watchtower is better than the Bob Dylan original.
What color are your eyes?|Green
"What did Kathleen Hartnett White mean by ""renewable energy is parasitic?"""|"""I'm being paid to say things"""
What's your party trick?|Going over to a guy and talking to them first. Always leaves em impressed!
what is the most disturbing thing you have ever witnessed?|"Was at an ER on a military base in Afghanistan.  A medivac helicopter brought in two patients when I was there.  One had a gunshot to his gut, bleeding profusely.  The other was a 10-month old girl with 3rd degree burns to nearly 80% of her body.  As she was wheeled past me, she just stared at me, not making a sound.  No crying, no screaming.  Just stared into my eyes.  
  
I had nightmares about her for two weeks after that."
Redditors who've taken the Eurostar train from London to anywhere on continental Europe...what was your experience like?|Feels like I’m zooming through time super fast man
What non-terminal disease or ailment would you accept a cure for that had a 5% chance of death?|Tinnitus for sure. It's quite hard to explain quite how much it can wear you down. It's in your head, sometimes it's loud though sometimes it's not but it's always there in the background. Protect your ears kids.
You're home alone when all of a sudden you hear your doorbell ring. You open it and see Superintendent Gary Chalmers and Principal Seymour Skinner standing there. What do you do?|Offer some delicious steamed hams!
What will finally break the internet?|Hopefully, this stock market crash we're seeing. P
What do you daydream about the most?|tits
What pet peeve did you develop as you got older?|Today’s music.  I hate it with a passion.  Just like I hate myself.
Why vikings are portrayed as fierce warriors if they mostly attacked undefended monasteries and villages?|They did it fiercely
Have you ever felt like you really fit in somewhere?|only in your arms bby
Walmart employees of Reddit,what is the worst/weirdest thing you have seen at Walmart?|I was unloading the truck (one arrives every day with more product for us to sell) and there was a pack of Alpo dog food cans and one busted and it was crawling with maggots and stunk like hell. I nearly puked. Also shoutout to /r/Walmart
When to put $15k in the stock market?|Right now
If human beings were mating by season, what would our society look like?|People would commercialise the shit out of mating season. That, and major religions would highly disapprove of it for some reason.
How confident would you be you'd survive a visit to your local bar/pub if you had to fight the thing it was named after?|I think i can take on a king's head anyday.
At what lengths do you go to achieve some peace and quiet during your lunch break?|Just head out for a walk.  Earphones optional but I at least get out of my office for a walk round the block.  Too many of my colleagues never leave the office from 9am till 5pm they just sit there.
What are the types of people that you should always avoid?|All of them.  Fuck social interaction, Reddit is better.
What are the nonsense words you use to talk to your pet that denote affection (or when they s**t on the floor) ?|I'll start. I have a little pupper named Mochi. She's my pachoh pachoh! I sing her the Pachoh Pachoh song when we do the snugz dance. It goes like this. Who's my Pachoh Pachoh? Little Pachoh Pachoh? Snoogly Pachoh Pachoh? Woogly Pachoh Pachoh? So on and so forth, ad infinitum. Always in the form of a question.
which tecnology has brought more harm than good?|Nukes
Why do we overestimate the competition and underestimate ourselves?|Better than losing.
Are we not at a solid day in age where the men’s restroom in office buildings should have a solid ventilation system?|I would also like couches like I hear women's have
What is something your generation does that you just don't understand?|Selfies. What is so great about taking a picture of yourself?
People who answer askreddit questions with other peoples stories, why?|This is a thing? Jesus Christ that's awfully sad. Like when my dad used to beat me with jumper cables.
What is your review of the new Taco Bell nacho fries?|They are like crack
What are some of the most emotionally powerful (good or bad) things one can experience via one of the five senses?|Smell: The antiseptic smell of hospitals and nursing homes. Something about it. You never ever forget it.
What should you always buy used?|College textbooks. Fucking racket.
Who do you despise at work and why?|no one we all get along its a good time it is
Where is the worst place you've randomly gotten aroused? NSFW|was at a funeral. my uncle's girlfriend was insanely hot.  she wore a low cut black lacy thing... got a boner as she was sitting next to me and every time she leaned forward i could see her nips.  awkward as fuck.
Without access to technology, what do you do to pass time?|Read a book
If a year is how long it takes the Earth to orbit the Sun then why do shows and movies in space still use days and years to gauge time?|The same reason astronomers sometimes use AU as their units for distances in space. It makes more sense to use units that apply to our terrestrial scientific units in regards to other areas still.
What was a harmless text that you sent that was greatly misinterpreted by the recipient?|"""What that mouf do?"""
"What dream did you wake up from and think, ""wow I am getting old""?"|i dreamt about doing taxes and i loved it
why do humans like to mystify psychopaths and serial killers?|It's more difficult for them to commit their heinous crimes when they're confused.
How do you handle a coworker you HATE more than anything?|I ignore it. That gets to them more than anything. Eventually, they confront me and I tell it like it is. You didn't like me, so what's the point of me wasting my energy on you? I'm not the one that has the problem!  I've run into this a few times, because I have one of those personality's where you either love me or hate me. No real grey area here. If they hate me, it's normally because I'm more of an extrovert then they are and I can tend to be a bit obnoxious and annoying sometimes, but that's just me. If you don't like me then ok! I'm not upset! I have also come across both mature and immature people. The mature ones just leave me be, but I know they don't like me. I can just tell. The immature ones are the talkers that make crap up and make me out to be a horrible person when really, I'm nice. Like, super nice.  What everyone needs to understand is that not everyone's going to like you, no matter how hard you try to please them, so what's the point of trying? They have their reasons, so leave it alone.  Now on the other hand, if no one likes you? I would definitely consider an attitude adjustment!
How do you picture all of human history in your mind?|One short YouTube ad
What's the worst student melt down you've seen?|The teacher wouldn't let the student go to lunch until their test was finished, so the student started screaming and cry and cussing the teacher out.
Which windows version you are using in your devices?|Windows 10 Education because it was free, I ain't going to pay $100 or whatever they charge for windows these days.
What are some of the costliest mistakes ever made in history?|PNAC
In honor of the launch of new, lady doritos, what are some other gendered products (real or imagined) that make no sense?|Pink guns.
What is your favorite quote?|I'll be back
What songs define certain years for you?|Smash Mouth - All Star The early 2000's. Thanks Shrek...
What is something you stopped doing after you started dating?|Being proud of my bank balance
What are some of the rules you live by?|Don't dip your pen in company ink.
What songs do you like to listen to when you're sad?|the songs in my music collection
What work of fiction (cartoon, book, tv show, video game) should be made into a movie?|Batman Beyond.
You have a magical 100 dollar bank note that teleport back to your wallet/purse everytime you open it. What is the best way to exploit it?|Buy stuff.
Redditors who don't put lines diagonally through 0's, why don't you?|Ain’t nobody got time for that
What blows your mind?|A warning shot to the back of the head
What is the most gangster thing you've ever done?|Im gangsta 2 4 7
why do most construction workers smoke cigarettes?|Excuse to have a break
When has trying to cut corners backfired on you?|When I was done, it started falling over all the time.
Whats the best element in combat/survival? between Fire, Earth, Water and air on a hostile world? if you have no limit on power?|Blood bending op
What blows your mind?|A shotgun.
To anyone that slept through or otherwise accidentally missed a final exam, what happened afterwards? What was the moment of panic like when you realized what happened?|I didn’t get out of work on time. I was working deliveries and there was traffic due to a concert and I got stuck in it for 2 hours. I didn’t have internet to shoot an email or the teacher’s number to text. I showed up late... didn’t enter class. Waited for class to be over and then went in to talk to the teacher. She was pretty cool.. let me make it up by writing an essay and turning in an essay about what I learned in class within 3 days... that instead of taking exam (because she was worried I’d get the answers from someone else)
Differently abled folks of Reddit, what do you wish people knew about your condition? And what misconceptions would you like to clear up?|Not all hearing disabilities are deafness.  I can HEAR you.  I just can't UNDERSTAND you.   That means.. (a) Don't just talk louder.  It's just making your incomprehensible noises louder.  Either write me a note, or get us to a situation with less background noise. (b) Yes, student, I actually did hear what you called me, and yes, even though I have a hearing disability, you still have a detention.  I can hear SOME things, and anyway, 'bitch' is pretty easy to lip-read with this much context.
What is truly timeless?|Taking a deep breath as you see the rising or setting sun.
What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever seen in a public bathroom?|An unflushed toilet?
What do you prefer? Living in a city or in a village?|Definitely a village. I've come to a fairly small city (200,000 people at best) for university, and even that's really stressful. Too many people. The countryside is too far away. Too busy, too noisy, too much. I just need to be able to escape every so often.
What is SpaceX's falcon heavy mission?|Google. It.
What does it mean when someone cries all the time and lays in bed all day?|Symptoms of Depression. I think that person should address it with a proper medical provider.
Talkative people of Reddit, when did you learn this about yourself and how have you combated the issue in your daily life?|Reading facial expressions
What was the incident at your school?|Someone hung a pop can from a very fine fishing line over the school courtyard, too high to reach by ladder. It was up for months before they found the trees it was suspended from.
What did you do when you discovered a celebrity crush?|fapped so hard
Those who pay for pornography, why do you pay for something that is so easily gotten without purchase?|you have to get the highest quality orgasm op
What’s the best top comment you’ve ever seen?|This one
What was the weirdest place where you found something you thought was lost?|I lose my sunglasses a lot.  I usually find them on top of my head.  I'm dumb.
which smart phone has the best camera?|"https://www.tomsguide.com/us/best-phone-cameras,review-2272.html Tom's Guide seem to think the iPhone X has the best camera. So does CNET:
https://www.cnet.com/topics/phones/best-phones/camera/ I got the iPhone X myself and the camera is amazing!"
Redditors, in what way has reddit changed your life?|work goes by quicker when i talk to strangers on the internet
Why does NPR mainly play Jazz Music?|Programming is determined at the local station level. In my city, the NPR station is almost exclusively talk.
What’s the best thing to say to raise Reddit’s collective blood pressure?|Reddit will be closing for good in 3 days
What's the weirdest thing you've eaten?|Rotten Shark in Iceland.
You gain the power of Mind Control, but you only have 5 uses. What do you use them on?|I’d have to think of some clever way to get people to appreciate my existence but that’ll never work because I’d feel bad controlling people :’(
What are good tips for a healthy/interesting conversation?|pets
What is a truth that most people believes is a lie?|The universe is beige.
Where does confidence come from? How does someone gain confidence? What causes the feeling of confidence?|It comes from success/victories/praise. For some things, it comes from just loving your body and feeling good about yourself. Rewards help.  What do you want to feel confident about?
Do you think it's harder for a girl or a guy to get the ideal body type for their sex and why?|listen life is much better when you stop worrying about how you look during sex and just start enjoying it.
why the sky is blue?|Google can easily answer this for you.
What types of people make you angry?|People who talk over other people
Which gender do you get along with better?|Definitely guys. Because we tend to share interests.
People who work on a radio show- do you get tired of listening to the same “popular songs” every day / every hour?|I don't work in radio.  But I would think that they DJs probably become just as jaded by top 40 repetitive songs as anyone else who listens to the Radio daily.  I doubt they are even paying attention to the music until it's necessary.  Basically just as redundant as most jobs. That's how I would Imagine it probably is working in Radio.   Satellite is an awesome alternative.
Which is the greatest reverse gif you have ever seen?|"A gif of a bunch of baby chicks being sucked down a meat grinder. The normal gif happens so fast it's kinda shocking and gross. In reverse, it was fucking *hilarious* and I couldn't stop laughing. Maybe I'm just twisted but I couldn't help but yell ""POPCORN CHICKEN!"""
What's the most emotional moment in a funny TV show?|Fry’s dog waiting for him.
How do you picture a year in to your good mind?|I literally see a calender in my head, as in a big poster where all of the months are big vertical bars that are standing right next to each other.
What's the best desktop background you've seen?|The steam app Wallpaper Engine, which has thousands of animated wallpapers.
Reddit, what's your most and least favorite thing about where you live?|"I'm an American currently living in Japan.  
  
Most favorite: the Japanese people are extremely courteous and friendly no matter where I go.  
  
Least favorite: the language barrier, as I speak about a dozen Japanese words/phrases and can't read their language at all."
What would be necessary for an astronaut to view the Hubble telescope from the International Space Station?|They'd have to know where and when to look for it. Seriously, the Hubble can be seen from earth (mostly from parts of Australia), so there's no reason the it couldn't be seen from the ISS when their location is right.
Fat people of Reddit, what was your Trojan Horse?|What?..
What’s the worst thing you’ve done to another person?|I tricked this girl into eating sea monkey (brine shrimp) eggs, told her it was cinnamon.
Do you have an odd fear (not a debilitating phobia) that other people just don’t understand? What is it?|Yes.  I’m scared of talking to people.  I can think of what I want to say, but never say it right.
What is the best way to make someone feel uncomfortable?|Stare at them without smiling
What does your inside voice sound like?|“Fuck you.  You’ll never succeed you little shit.”  I hate my inner voice.
What mildly infuriates you in the laws of physics?|Precession, and maybe the coriolis effect, are kinda mindfucky.
What is something that is legal that should be illegal? Or, what is something that is illegal that should be legal?|Decriminalizing drug use would arguably benefit the country.
Do you wipe standing up or sitting down? Why?|"Neither. I yell ""WIPERS"" and clap twice."
What's the craziest experience you've had because of someone with the same name?|My craziest experience was simply meeting someone with my same first, middle, and last name.  I knew several people with similar names and even a couple people with the same first and middle name or the same first and last name.... But meeting someone with my exact same name was surreal.
People who don’t listen to music while driving, what are you thinking about?|Revenge
What stereotype is true about you?|I love potatoes!  (Irish)
What is your Valentine's dream? If you could do anything or receive anything on Valentine's Day, what would it be?|A girlfriend
is black mirror really worth it or just hype? what are your favorite ones?|The pedophile one was fucking intense.
What was the most horrifying subreddit you ever came across?|/r/TheDonald
How many hours a week do you normally work?|Between 60h to 76h. Self employed.
You're a burglar and you just broke into a house, and instead of stealing you do something mildly inconvenient. What do you do?|Flip one battery in every baterry-powered device so it's facing the wrong way.
What's the luckiest thing that's ever happened to you?|Having a baby after I was told I couldn’t
What was the most recent text your Mom sent you?|"""Hi"""
What do goth girls want out of life?|Salmon.  Like, buckets of salmon.  Vats of salmon.  Improbable and probably dangerous quantities of salmon. This is a thing that is safe to assume, so should you find yourself in possession of such quantities of salmon simply leave it (neatly boxed, of course) on the doorstep of the nearest goth girl you want. Goth boys, on the other hand, prefer blue-tailed lizards.
If you had the time to write a book what would it be about?|I did write a book. Erotica.
Identical twins of Reddit, what's the most embarrassing situation where you've been mistaken for your twin, and how did you react?|It's usually more awkward for the other side to be honoust. I've been mistaken for my brother all the time, so it doesn't really affect me anymore. Maybe the one time my teacher gave me the wrong note after a test. I got the lowest and my brother the higher one. They switched it after I complained, but my brother was furious (not at me, but for them fucking up). That was for me really embarrasing.  Or when someone invited me, when I was with my brother, but didn't invite him. We were in the same class. It happened the other way around too.
Fellow glasses wearing reddit users, what are some pro-tips when it comes to glasses?|Have a glasses - wiping cloth on you always. LITERALLY ALWAYS.
Who was 'that kid' in your high school?|Edgar
What DID the pot say to the kettle?|He called him black
You can have any one secret power, but it has to remain a secret, otherwise you will lose it. The caveat? You have to shout it out to activate it. What is your power and what are you shouting?|"Shouting, ""oh for fuck's sake"" completes my code, without any major bugs. This is more or less how it works already, except I have to put in effort."
What is your creepy unexplained childhood experience?|White van stopped next to me when I was at the bus stop
What is your favorite country (besides yours) and why do you like it?|Texan here. America is pretty great.
Reddit, what’s got you so stressed?|My internal conspiracy theorist (anxiety)
What is your biggest regret from High School you wish you could go back and do over?|Buy proactive sooner.
It is believed that the final beep on an ECG is the most life defining moment for a person, and yet the person connected up to the ECG will never hear it. What other life defining moments will you never know occurred?|That time someone *sucked you off* while you were passed out drunk at a party.
With the Winter Olympics approaching, what backstories do we need to read up on in order to be emotionally invested in the games?|Don't worry, NBC will hit us with endless sob stories and we won't be able to change the channel.
What is a good example of someone getting kicked while they're down?|A UFC loser.
Which superpower would you like to have the most?|Invisibility
What is the most comforting sound?|for me suffering from anxiety, and ptsd (i was addicted to oxy's from the age of 15-18 being homeless in toronto) it honestly has to be the sound of my cats puring while on my lap, my cat knows always knew somehow when i was having an episode and she would sit on my lap and pur loud and just keeps me calm
What’s your biggest pet peeve while driving?|People who can’t turn without slowing down to 5 mph.
What do you think of your teenager self?|He was immature and thoughtless. Definitely could have thought of others first more often.
What Reddit habits need to die?|Refreshing r/AskReddit on new and trying to answer every question.  ^ForTheLoveOfGodSaveMe
Besides Smartphones, what technologies from 2018 would look futuristic to people from 1960?|A 1500HP hypercar.
If you could change one major historical event would be the outcome and how would it impact the world?|2016 Presidential Election I'm not saying the world would be perfect, but we'd be talking about how the Republican Congress won't let the Democratic President get what she wants done. We'd have a left-leaning Supreme Court. We'd still have Net Neutrality. We'd be actively fighting against climate change, rather than denying that it's a thing. We wouldn't be teetering on the brink of nuclear war with North Korea. Mostly, though, the President wouldn't be tweeting stupid ass shit every day.
How much do you earn monthly and how do you divide your money?|Enough, evenly.
Why is the SpaceX Falcon9 sending up the new Tesla Roadster?|Because Elon is a cheeky nando.
What's the best picture taken of you and why do you think it's the best?|Passport one that’s the only one I took, I don’t like photos of my self because of self hatred
What are you going to do with all your Reddit points when you have saved up enough?|Give them to a worthwhile charitable organization
What movie made you think?|Eraserhead. I have been thinking about it for years and I still don't get it.
What’s the most ridiculous story you’ve heard that turned out to be true?|"When we were 14, my mate claimed that he had sex with a 16 year old Swedish model while he was away camping with some group he was part of. ""Yeah, okay, sure"". Didn't believe a word of it. That is until six years later when she showed up, out of the blue, at our regular pub. Sat herself down and they reminisced. I was gobsmacked."
Choose a superpower: 1. Super Strength (Superman) 2. Super Speed (The Flash) 3. Ability to control minds 4. Invisibility -- which one?|3 because I wouldn't need any of the others I could just do anything
How did you know it was time to get a different job?|After I got fired.
What are the best places to visit in Paris, France?|The Louvre
What was the most impressive thing you achieved during your childhood?|Memorized the multiplication tables up to 12
Slackers of reddit: How do you get away with not doing shit all day at work?|Good luck mate
What’s a red herring that came true?|IDK he was in some episode of Scooby Doo. But it was that weird time where Scooby had a son? Scrappy or whatever
Redditors of mixed race, what do you identify as?|I'm racially white but ethnically Hispanic.
If the everyone went into a job that matched their high school clique, what would the world be like?|A dream
What's your favorite song to listen to after a long day?|"Lynyrd Skynyrd • Simple Man 
Radiohead • Black Star"
What existential dread always fuck you up?|The concept of quantum immortality. Basically the idea that you (your consciousness) can't die, and through miracle or mundane, you will continue to live on forever even if your body appears to die in whatever universe you have always inhabited.
What do you do while driving even though you know it's illegal?|Use snapchat
What Quality Do You Have Now That When You Were Little, Growing Up, You Never Assumed You Had In You?|Inner strength.  I was always under the impression I was a wuss.
What is an aspect of foreign culture, norm or custom that you would like to be implemented in your country?|I would like to see the German and Japanese custom of removing shoes when entering a home. This makes keeping the place clean much easier!
What's your best story from college?|So, my freshman year I went to this really crappy religious school that was about 2 1/2 hours away, and a guy who I went to high school with followed me there. We were roommates but we didn’t spend a lot of time together because he got in a relationship with a girl from the local high school of the city we were in. So end of the year comes up and I take all of my stuff and move out, and he said he would be moving out the next day. Well, come August, I had transferred schools, so I wasn’t attending anymore and one of my friends from the cross country team we were on sent me a text asking if I knew my friend wasn’t enrolled in classes there anymore. I said no, and she then begins to tell me this: My friend had lived in the dorms the entire summer without a single person knowing he was there, and when people started moving in, he had to move out and he started living with his high school girlfriend that was behind the college. So people would see him an think he was still attending the school. Nope, never enrolled back in classes, and still amazed he was able to live in the dorm rooms the entire summer without a single person knowing he was there.
People of Reddit who haven't watched Star Wars, Harry Potter, and LOTR, why haven't you?|I've never finished a HP movie. I've started the first two. I really need to since my daughter is a huge fan and we're going to Universal in June.  I watched the first LOTR movie and was bored. I watched about 20 minutes of the second and turned it off. Randal was right: Too much walking. Seriously though, fantasy isn't my thing. The inconsistencies of magicians drives me nuts. I even stopped watching GoT once the dragons got big and Bran was going all Beastmaster.
What is the most BS end result of a case where person of wealth or power committed a serious crime?|Wasn't only like one person convicted after the financial crisis?
what would you do if you weren't afraid?|I can see myself quitting my job and taking a one way flight to another country and just exploring regardless of my financial situation and responsibilities.
What are some good deeds that could easily be added to a normal day?|"Opening a door for someone, this is already commonly done but we should all do it.  Then the SJW come along and then yell ""IM A STRONG WOMAN AND I DONT NEED NO MAN TO OPEN A DOOR *triggered*"""
What little things do other people do that just drives you crazy?|Load the dishwasher as inefficiently as possible, leaving atleast a half sink full of dishes!
What is bad to do with hot water?|Pour into a frozen windshield. this kills the windshield, don't do it.
How do you get rid of the worry that you'll never find someone as good as your ex?|This is probably the worst thing about breakups but mostly divorces. The transition to healthy relationship to uncertainty isn’t easy. But as you get back out there, you’ll begin to see traits in others that you didn’t see in your ex. And it will open your eyes to a different kind of wonderful
What’s the best thing about your personality?|(I like to think that) I'm funny
How are politics spoiling our culture?|It is causing a divide where there shouldn't be one.
People who clean up after murders and suicides. What are your worst stories?|Having to eat three bodies.
What's the worst example of oversharing you've ever seen?|My friends mom got really drunk in an Italian restaurant and began loudly explaining how she used to have anal sex with her husband
What cool fact just blows your mind?|There is a planet made entirely out of diamonds.
What songs hit your angry spot?|"NF - Let You Down When he starts the chorus, the lyric is apparently ""feels like we're on the edge right now"". But the way he pronounces those last three words makes me want to scream. It's a stupid attempt to make it rhyme with the second stanza.  He says it like ""feel like we're on the A train now"" so originally I thought this was a song about the light rail. But no it's some shitty performer with an accent that shifts in and out"
When filing taxes, how can you make sure to get the most amount of money back to you?|Talk to a tax professional
What movies do you think will become classics in the future?|Arrival There Will be Blood Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Enter the Void
What is the most frustrating type of person at your job and why?|Customers who believe they can write better than me. Let me do my job. You shut the fuck up. My writing makes my customers money precisely because I do not let my customers meddle. You fucking meddle, my writing won't make you money, you will blame me.
How would you react if your girlfriend threw the flowers you gave to her down the disposal?|Break up
Reddit, what social media do you think is essential to keep an active social life nowadays?|No social media.
How much money do you spend a day?|Too damn much.
Why are we told not to eat greasy/oily/heavy food while we have stomach problems/flu?|We are?
what's the most pretentious things people do on a daily basis?|"Ask you how are you doing or how's your day and expect you to just say ""good, you?"""
What is this country that almost nobody knows but that is literally beautiful?|I imagine this to be Monaco. I took a train through here once. Beautiful.
Which United airline or American airline better and why?|Neither. Southwest is best
Back in the 90's we had Slash. Back in the 80's we had Eddie Van Halen. Back in the 70's we had Hendrix. Why don't we have a best guitarist anymore?|Because the music industry is broken. It only promotes mediocrity now.
For the old users of reddit, the youngest were born at the time when the wave of memes had already risen, how did you experience the birth of the memes era and what do you remember as the first prototypes of memes?|Demotivational posters
What is the most disturbing scene you have seen in real life?|seeing donald trump being the president
What was the most realistic dream you had?|Dreams where I wake up, something mundane happens, and I go back  to bed. They're so fucking realistic I can never tell if they happened or not. Also, I get these dreams considerably frequently.
If there’s a first time for everything, what would you pay to see the first of?|Nothing. Remember, the best things in life are free
Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you’ve heard a parent tell their children?|You have a long time to go before you die yet. Parents can't know that for sure. Don't make your child feel secure.
Reddit what's the best advice you can give to a freshman in college/university?|Don’t procrastinate and get help IMMEDIATELY if u are confused. Currently going thru hell for the next 2 weeks
Redditors under age 27 who consider yourselves successful: what do you do?|I wouldn't say I'm successful yet, but I've started my journey to success. I am a Health Information Management Systems Analyst. The long way for saying I am a programmer and system analyst for a medical insurance company.
When it's very cold/hot it is socially acceptable to comment this fact to total strangers. What are other situations where you find yourself in a conversation with total strangers?|Anything, from bad weather to haemorrhoids
US only, people who lease a car is nstead of finance, why?|Better car for a cheaper monthly payment.  Or they couldn't get good terms to finance.
Whats your opinion on the video of Tom Brady kissing his son on the lips?|Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48gffeVlR_w
What is your favorite phone game, and why?|Pokemon go. I like exploring and catching shit.
Has drug consumption chabged your life for ever, which and why?|It's probably not what you're thinking of, but my life has been radically improved since I was prescribed an SNRI antidepressant. I can actually start living and enjoying myself for a change.
What NEEDS to happen in the next 100 years?|repeal of the 16th Amendment to eliminate the source of funding for the parasitic Federal government.
Baristas of Reddit, what is the craziest drink order, or customer you've had while working?|This guy ordered me to get on my knees after I told him I wouldn't make him a froot loops coffee from some secret menu? I think it was a dumb prank because the little white boy had his phone sticking out his shirt pocket and a stupid flat brim hat that screamed, 'i want to be a YouTube prankster when I grow up'
If Hindu's are right about reincarnation, what happens if someone is resurrected?|Warranty Vs Guarantee. also >~~Hindu's~~ Hindus.
What is impossible to do twice in one day?|Sleep for 12 hours and 1 second.
People who don’t flush the toilet or pee all over the seat instead of lifting it, why?|My mom is also my aunt
How do you picture sex in your mind?|Lots of awkward silliness and funny moments. Also lewd, that's there too.
What would be the modern “Forest Gump” story?|Instead of investing in Apple, momma would've invested in Bitcoin.
What effect does your diet have on dreams, do certain foods make you dream more or less?|People say you shouldn't eat cheese before bed because it gives you bad nightmares, I don't know if it's true though.
What area produces the best cheese in the world?|the kraft factory
What's the best sandwhich?|Reuben
What was the most terrifying situation you've seen caused by an everyday object?|I dunno if this counts since it's an incident from 1919 but it still amazes me this much destruction was caused by molasses https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Molasses_Flood
What is a relatively cheap steam game that not many people know and is worth picking up?|Brawlhalla is free to play and the player base is very quickly expanding. I'd definitely recommend it.
What is your depression song?|Radiohead - No Surprises
What has aged great with time?|Single malt scotch.
You have to live the rest of your life in a video game and only have one life. Which game do you choose?|The Sims. Easy to improve skills, make a lot of money, unlimited control over every aspect of my life, can add new people to any town I want at will if I choose, or change any aspect of them or myself. That'd be amazing.
What is the best relationship advice you received in your 20s?|Love someone who loves you back
People who posted something funny or embarrassing about someone and that person saw it, what happened?|I was young and it was more of me personally slamming the person. She hired a lawyer and attempted to sue me. I was absolutely terrified because I was only 16 and sent her many sorry emails and she finally stopped everything.
What type of people have every reason to be scared shitless of you?|People that can hear the right tone in music And singing. Even I play guitar I cant sing
Which movie would you want to see from a minor character’s perspective, a la Lion King 1.5?|Timon and Pumbaa were not minor characters.
Whats something that you went through that definitely seemed like fortune and fame was on the other side, but when you came out, there was nothing?|A hole, but I forgot I had all this gold in my pocket, and fame is just a video away.
Ex-Prisoners of Reddit, what is something that when you were in prison you realized you took for granted?|Space.A cell is the size of a bathroom
Teachers and professors of Reddit, what student essay topic do you dread the most?|I don't dread any topic. What I dread is the poorly written essay...as in, this student is writing at a level 3 grades behind what I'm trying to teach.
What is something awful that we’ve almost completely forgotten about and have since moved on like it never happened (i.e. the Gulf Oil Spill)?|Polio.
What's a fun party trick?|Pulling up to a party in highschool with an ex-police interceptor, My friend has one and all the kids flipped the fuck out because we were under age.
What's something that gets gets better each time you watch it/do it?|Food I suppose.  Can't really get worse at making a recipe unless you innovate way out of the spectrum of sanity.
Office workers of Reddit, what are your favourite/most useful accessories at your desk?|Always need stapler, staples, paperclips, pens, calculator.
Porn website webmasters of Reddit, what is the weirdest search term you have seen used on your site(s)?|https://www.pornmd.com/live-search
Which app has actually helped you improve your life?|Probably Reddit
What unusual thing no matter what it is are you scared of?|Being touched on the underside  of my upper arm. It freaks me out.
Is it rude to call someone without texting them first? Why or why not?|why would that be rude. What did people do before texting was a thing
If all the countries were at a party, what would your country be doing?|It would start out great getting high as shit with friends and end with us sat in a corner slowly questioning does brexit really mean brexit?
People who just started investing in the stock market, how do you feel today?|President Trump is making the economy boom.
What's wrong with political correctness?|the concept isn't so bad, it's the ridiculous extent that people push it to whereby feelings often trump facts
How do you motivate yourself?|With beer
If you had to eat the same meal for the rest of your life, what would you eat?|Tacos
How is it living with roomates?|I live with 4 other roommates. One of them is ridiculously spoiled. He leaves all the lights on, turns the heat on when it's like 60 (F) degrees outside, and most annoyingly, piles dishes up in the dishwasher in such an absurd fashion that I wonder if he understands how the machine works. For example, he'll just pile bowls on top of each other so that there's no way water or soap could reach the top bowl.
What it your favorite video game soundtrack?|Still Ocarina of Time - As the little sister I wasn't good at many games simply 'cos young, but I could still sit there, watch my brother play through the game, and learn the songs on the piano.
Reddit, what's the most interesting, unusual, or valuble item you've ever found?|A copper sword under my grandfather's bed.
people of Reddit, what are your plans for tomorrow?|Celebrate Rusev Day of course.
Americans of reddit: what do you think of universal healthcare, like the NHS, in America?|We need it. Like now.
What’s your best or worst vending machine story? Got lucky or very unlucky?|There was a vending machine on my freshman dorm floor that was broken and dispensed unlimited sodas for $.25. My roommates and I would take a few at a time, never more because we didn't want to alert management that the thing was way off. It wasn't fixed the whole year I was on that floor. I survived so many late nights thanks to that machine.
"What is something that you keep thinking to yourself "" why are they keeping this a secret, theres nothing wrong / too embarrassing / the matter with it "" ?"|and it seems to be in more pain and confusion the more secret it is...
What video game world was the most amazing, and sucked you right in?|Skyrim
What will you do if you become billionarie?|Fancy things
What are your coping mechanisms?|self-isolation. oops
People who insist on talking to strangers on the elevator, why do you do this?|There is never a bad time to remind somebody Jesus loves them. Well, unless you are talking to a Jew. They don't give a shit. But for the majority religions, it is fair game.
You wake up, BAM, now you are Donald Trump. What do you do?|give a speech about how I found Jesus and spend the next 2 years trying to push for progressive policies (after firing half my Cabinet) in 2020, opt to not run for reelection.
What would be your ideal Super Bowl halftime show?|Megadeth
What would a second aid kit contain?|Tequila
Whats something completely innocent thats incredibly suspicious out of context?|"Googling ""How to coerce dates"""
What free/cheap skill is worth learning?|Coding.  Can get some decent monay
why don't you answer the phone when it rings?|Because fuck robo-dialers.
What is your favorite pair of socks you own?|Taco socks.
When are you going to grow up?|30 yrs old...still waiting.
What food were you disgusted with until you tried it?|Sushi, it's not for everybody.
Why does the flavor of pistachios vary so wildly?|Where they are made, Iranian pistachios taste different from California and so on and so forth
You get an unlimited supply of the last thing you bought, how lucky are you?|Chicken, French Fries, Onion, tomato and Garlic pizza. I will do OK. I mean, that is protein, vitamin C, and enough garlic to keep my immune system in check.
What's something people think you should care about, but don't?|Football.
What hobbies have essentially equal participation between men and women?|Sex
What is something that your parents failed to give you?|love, confidence, encouragement.
What do you always order at Maccy Ds?|Medium Royal Fish menu with coke and ketchup
Why wouldn't you recommend doing cross-fit?|Horrible for your joints.
What Tweet aged the worst?|Pretty much all of DJT's tweets up until he announced his candidacy, particularly his insights into the electoral college
What’s something useful/practical for $25?|Condoms
People who upvote when OP says don’t upvote. Why?|Nobody tells me what to do!
People who work in restaurants, what was the weirdest request you've ever gotten on an order?|Coffee shop. I had tons of weird requests (some of which I’ve shared on here like the chicken latte story), so I’ll go with weirdest request from an otherwise normal customer. He wanted me to mix a shot of espresso into a mango smoothie. Which is foul. I talked him out of the espresso and into a shot of matè, which still probably tasted terrible but certainly better than the espresso.
Teachers of Reddit, what's the worst temper tantrum you've ever seen a student have?|"Not teacher but kid who thought he was ""hard""(We were like 11-12 at this time) was flipping lunch type desks in the classroom and stuff. Screaming,security guards had to get him  Funny dude. Acted like he was the hardest shit and mean but the kid was visibly undersized to mostly everybody."
If it was really good, how much fried chicken could you eat in one sitting?|Depends how big is each piece?
What's a simple history fact people are always amazed to hear?|Humans and Dinosaurs roamed the earth together,  and Hitler had the Spear of Destiny.
What can you do for free to improve yourself?|Shower
Hey Reddit, what's your greatest or most memorable party story?|I used to host these parties Pilgrim and Indian themed around thanksgiving and I used to wear this giant head dress and dress up as a chief. Pretty politically incorrect now looking back on it but great times, pretty sure that was the night someone punched a hole in my wall.
What is the funniest joke you know by heart?|"A blind guy walks past a fish market, he takes a deep breath and says ""Good morning ladies""."
What’s something you only just now learned about a long term friend?|Hat they were jumped and severely beaten and kicked in the head once which led to them being mentally disabled.
How would a day in your dream life look like?|not good. not good at all. I think my most reoccurring dream situation is being in prison
What is the weirdest subculture the internet has introduced you to?|furries are still the weirdest to me
What’s the safest place on Earth?|Wales.  Nothing happens in Wales, nothing.
what's unethical as fuck, but is a common practice among the buisness world?|manufactured obsolescence
What is your favorite month? Why?|October.  Fall is awesome!
What's the best/worst Valentines Day story you've got?|I sent my friend a spongebob meme.
What is something impossible to look cool while doing?|Cutting your toenails.
What TV Show/Film that you thought you wouldn’t like, ended up being pretty good?|Entourage series. I was really against the whole luxury living and hollywood douchiness. But damn Ari Gold can get shit done. Movie was shit.
What would you never do in the snow?|Have sex lol
What do you do when you realize that you fucked up to the point that it is not recoverable?|The 5 stages of grief. You either go through them and accept it or you get stuck on one of them along the way
Heterosexual Women of Reddit: what is a time you were totally prepared to have sex with your husband/boyfriend and he said something that completely screwed it up?|Just tell us what you said OP
What weird dinner traditions did you have as a kid?|Glass of milk at dinner every night. Hated that shit.
Men of Reddit, who is someone young men should be looking up to in this day and age?|Keanu Reeves
What's the first song you learned all the words to off the radio and how old were you?|Seasons in the Sun by KC and the Sunshine Band - 8 or 9
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?|You can't lick your own lower back.
People of reddit who would do anything for love, what wouldn't you do?|You.
Former Chiropractors what made you stop drinking the koolaid, and what is your new career?|What exactly is your issue with koolaid here?
What was the biggest ripoff you ever experienced?|Velcro. Complete rip off.
American roads are known to be the most dangerous in the Western World. How can they be made safer?|Are they? Can I get a citation.
Why are Reese's peanut butter cups so good?|They WERE better before they moved the plant. The town used to smell of cocoa everyday when they vented. People bought chocolate in gigantic bags; (we could go and buy off cast broken bars and chipped and dinged pb cups. ) But i suppose they're still excellent little treats; they gotten smaller too unfortunately.
People who have let go of balloons outside, where do you think they go?|up
If after death you had to reside in a 12-12 ft square on earth for the rest of eternity without being able to influence the world around you in any way, where would you pick?|some place with a dynamic environment, like near the ocean or a place that overlooks a big city...
What movie has THE WORST montage sequence?|Rocky 4, simply because 75% of the movie is montage scenes.
What's the most baffling logic you've witnessed someone apply to a situation they were in?|My sister tried to get a can of chunky soup out of the back of the pantry, when she couldn't reach, she tried getting in and got stuck.
If you could change one thing about society, what would it be?|Girls have to complete a test to determine if they are adults or not
What is your favorite thing about your country?|Free healthcare.
Reddit, what is your small goal of today that you want to complete?|My goal is to get through today without sinking into a days-long depression.
All band names are now literal. What do they look like?|Insane Clown Posse escapes unchanged.
Married people of Reddit, what sex toy or similar item would you recommend to spice up the bedroom? [Nsfw]|Have a good tongue, and be able to breath through your ears.
Why have you been with the same employer for over 10 years?|Fun job, until an SOB took over last year.
What exactly is the American dream?|Two chicks at the same time
Fellow redditors, what is the funniest thing you have seen in an adult film?|Chick is riding this dude reverse cowgirl, but leaning off to the side, making the man visible (for some reason). You see the tempo pick up and we're about to get the money shot. When the chick lifts off his dick, it goes straight up and he starts to jack it, only to cum on his own face. Fucking hilarious.
What would you ask your parents ontheir deathbed if you could only ask them yes/no questions?|What is the terminal velocity of an unladen swallow?
What are the most fun lies to tell your kids?|My son has just started to learn that his baby teeth will eventually fall out. I’ve convinced him that when he reaches about 8 that his “baby eyes” will fall out and that they’ll come in a new colour.
What is a popular TV show in your country that the rest of the world has never heard of?|Father Ted.
How do you develop your learning skill?|small steps = large steps. Right now I am struggling with reading. But after forcing myself to read at least a few pages each night, i soon found myself just reading for the fun of it. Nothing happens overnight. It takes work.
If someone who has a common cold cooks food, and therefore has the potential to trasmit germs to it, would the act of cooking (heat) kill off the germs?|The chef tends to come in contact with food both before and after cooking.
What historical situation would have been most improved by a well-time fart?|Order 66
When is it bad to share?|Herpes
What kind of encounters have you had with the supernatural?|not me but my dad had to perform an exorcism on one of his friends lmao
To those who cheat in online multiplayer, games, do you ever get bored?|I tried it back in the day with counterstrike and It got so boring so fast that I deleted everything within a day
How do you deal with grief?|Weed. Music.
what is your last wish before you die?|Delete my browser history
What was your best teacher and your worst teacher like?|"My favorite teacher was super attractive and rubbed her ass on me all the time and sat in the same chair as me a lot. I was a straight A student in that class for those reasons.  
My worst teacher was a 4'11 man that was a bitter fuck that made me hate my favorite subject for a year."
What is the least favorite thing about your country?|Israel, and that the same 5 companies have a monopoly on ALL the food items. Fucking Cadbury's came here and they were bloody driven out.
You find your idea of the perfect girl and hit it off. You lay her down on your bed, take off her panties and just as you finish putting that condom on...baby spiders crawl out of her pussy. What do you do?|Fuck the spiders too. One hell of a night for me!
You have unlimited funds to throw a party. You can hire any two bands to perform. All band members must be alive, but reuniting bands is ok. Who opens? Who headlines?|I'd just get Ariana Grande to perform for me in private
What is a fair price to expect for having a large egg shaped plastic chair painted a glossy white?|https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&source=hp&ei=EOx5WrO2DcTejwPy1oLwAw&sjs=3&q=egg+shaped+chair+with+speakers&oq=&gs_l=mobile-gws-img.1.0.35i39k1l3.0.0.0.9349.2.1.1.0.0.0.0.0..0.0....0...1..64.mobile-gws-img..1.1.130.3...392.vAhiQEWJ3cw#imgrc=yqGV6sQcT1_VCM:
What do you have that seems stupid to everyone else, but has a special place in your heart?|"Sorry for reposting. I said ""is your heart"" originally instead of ""in your heart."""
If you take over the life of a celebrity and become them for a day, who would you choose and what would you do?|"I'd take over Emma Watson or Ariana Grande and sign them
 up for binding contracts with FacialAbuse for a dollar, that she can't back out or stop scenes"
How did you know you were ready to have a kid?|I’m not
What are you embarrassed to admit that you don’t understand about zoos?|That's oddly specific... I like kangaroos.
What are some new upcoming brands to watch out for?|Casey
What is your favorite radio station?|UVB-76
What video game are you currently playing?|Elder Scrolls Online.
How much do guest soccer pundits get paid?|Depends on the channel. Probably not that much.
Redditors who have been on the foster care system, what was that like, and how did you end up there?|I was in a few different foster homes, and basically a group home for foster kids when there wasn't a home available. I've moved around all my life, so I was used to being shuffled around. I was a quiet, well behaved kid so I didn't have many problems. I just figured if I kept my head down and did as I was told, I'd get to go home. My brother ran away immediately and was so close to aging out they didn't bother. My sister was very combative and had it pretty bad.
girls, when guys are not around then what are your true thoughts about the Dalton's atomic theory?|Never heard of it since it's never mentioned in the kitchen.
What were some serious moments you didn’t understand during your infant-toddler years?|I remember not knowing what was actually happening during a funeral and there was a random guy sleeping over there.
What colour do you associate the different weekdays with?|Monday with blue, Tuesday with orange, Wednesday with yellow, Thursday with green, Friday with red, Saturday with pink and Sunday with white. Just the first colours that popped into my head. Can't say it's something I've thought about before haha.
How upset would you be if you dad told you he preferred basketball to soccer?|"what's ""soccer""?"
Which inanimate objects should be described as “he” or “she”?|"Dildo should def be ""he""."
Stoners and ex stoners of Reddit, what's the stupidest thing you've ever done while high?|Ate just one more delicious edible before the others kicked in
What is the best way to bulk watch Mister Rodger's Neighborhood?|There are a few seasons on Amazon Prime Video if you have it.
What made you quit job and start a business?|Moved to Sweden.
What was cheaper than you thought it would be?|Your mom.
which color of dress do you like most?|Black and blue, absolutely not white and gold
Teachers of reddit, how was the first day of your teaching career?|Pretty horrible. I stood in front of class, forgot everything I had learned and prepared, and the kids looked at me like I was a moron. It got better though.
In the saying “through thick and thin,” which refers to the negative, thick or thin?|Thin. It's a Bible reference.
What odds do you give the SpaceX Falcon Heavy of having a completely successful launch today, that is a launch, sending the Tesla towards Mars, and re-landing all 3 boosters upright?|60/40?
If you had full control of making a movie based on any book what book would you pick and who would you cast in it?|The Amazon Pilot episode of Oasis was based on A Book Of Strange New Things (it was, of course, quite different in terms of details). Too bad it wasn’t picked for a full season. The lead role seemed to suit Richard Madden well.
Which scientific journals are worth paying the monthly subscription for?|Depends on your field. Some are open access, but if you don't have a subscription through your place of work or study, I would spend some time on Google scholar reading abstracts if I were you, and noting in which journals you find the most interesting stuff.
What happens if someone texts me and I got zero service because of the bill?|I have no service right now and I am wondering if I get itback, will I get old text messages or will those messages that people send me when I had no servicenever come to me
How was your experience in a long distance relationship? What did you learn?|Fell in love with a girl from Sweden. Spoke every day for 3 years. Visited her because she said she loved me. Within about 5 minutes, she worked out she didn't love me. Her best friend started speaking to me on Facebook because she thought her friend's behaviour towards me was shit and she felt sorry for me. Fell in love with her best friend. Moved to Sweden. Lived with her for 2 years.
What is the most amazing analogy you've come across that either completely changed the way you thought about something or allowed you to instantly understand something complex?|It is what it is
If you could place a third eye anywhere on your body, where would you put it?|Forehead. It would look weird anywhere else.
What strange things does your pet do?|When he was alive he jumped on my bed in the morning.
"Weed smokers of Reddit... What happened that ""one time"" you were high?"|"That one time we were walking back from getting high in the park and a pick up truck with three ""good old boys"" sped by, whipped a Uie, stopped and the good old boys hopped out, grabed tire irons and baseball bats from the bed of the truck and started walking towards us. They passed by and went into the park. I don't want to think of what happened in the park."
What is the most ridiculous thing a teacher has said to you?|You’ll go far in life
You can subliminally program a group of people to do a specific activity. Who do you target, what is the trigger and what is the action?|I'd target the US Congress, and they'd all get up and do the hokey-pokey every time someone mentions the President.
Ladies of Reddit do you think or do you know that someone has a crush on you?If so what have you done about it?|4 people. kind of crazy. one close friend, one slightly less close friend, and one relatively new friend. and then the person i have a crush on. i had to turn down the new friend yesterday, and i just hope the other two don’t admit their feelings. here’s hoping my crush asks me out - valentine’s day is coming up, after all!
The Trump stock market is crashing like it always crashes under Republicans. What are your thoughts?|Assigning so much blame to Trump for the DOW's decline is nearly as dumb as giving him credit for the incline.
Which country has the best food and why?|Turkish food is dope.  Grilled meats and Rice’s and veggies and breads and tea and sweets.
What is something you would do for $500 that you wouldn't do for $200?|Loan someone $250
A year from now, where do you hope to be economically, socially, mentally?|economically? a little safer than today,  socially? who gives a shit!  mentally? hey what will be will be. Hope isnt going to make anything good happen though.
Why do you hate your job?|Because I hate doing anything I feel I am forced to do. It's like asking circus elephants, why they hated their jobs. Elephants were born to eat and roam and relax.. not to jump through hoops to make profits for others. Humans were also born to eat and hunt and roam and relax with family.... not to be stuck in tiny apartments all their lives, only coming out to work and labor away for the right to... go back to their tiny apartments at night? It's a nightmare
What's the proper age to get your driving licence?|It should be 18.
Guys of Reddit who spontaneously sent a dick pic to a girl, totally unprompted, how did it go? [NSFW]|"As ridiculous as it sounds I *accidentally* sent one to the wrong Sarah. The correct one and I were talking on messenger and she said text it. So a girl I hadn't talked to in about 2 years, and never ever even remotely sexually, got cock bombed. I apologized immediately and actually said I bet you think I'm just sending unsolicited dickpics and explained as fast as my fingers would text. But she said she wished she was the ""right"" Sarah and we kept talking. Not about my dick, which kind of makes it more weird but. She did eventually say thank you for the accident. Not too shabby."
What’s a decision you’ve made in the past (good or bad) that it’s consequence is currently impacting your life now?|When I was in the 3rd Grade (Senior in High School now) I joined the cub scouts. Followed it though for 10 years and got my Eagle Scout at the beginning of this year. I have been able to put it on college, job, and scholarship applications and have been recognized by tons of family and friends for it. Huge honor
People who voted for Trump and regret it, why did you do it?|I don't think you're gonna get many people commenting
R/fitness posters, what made you start lifting/being healthy?|I was an obese kid and teenager, so I originally hit the gym and cut the crap food in order to lose weight. I initially just wanted to get slim, but I madly fell in love with lifting, so now even though I lost the excess weight, now it's all about how much can I lift.
What do you think of McDonald's new vegetarian pizza?|What
What is the angriest you have ever been?|Told my roommates I had a big test on Monday that I had to study for, they proceed to throw a last minute party for the first time in months.
Do you know someone who got rich by accident?|my uncle was hit by another car and put into a coma... I don't know the exact figures, but he got a nice insurance settlement. as an added benefit, he also detoxed while in the coma and has been clean and sober ever since.
What is the longest you have ever gone without sleep?|About 84 hours.
What name would you give your child to fuck up their life?|ShaDynasty
Let’s have a wee bit of fun. You’re a burglar, but instead of stealing things you do things around the residence that mildly inconveniences the residents. What’s your ‘thing’?|I actually did this to someone who fucked me over. I stole all their lighters, bottle openers, nail clippers, scissors, and hid their remotes
What’s your favorite groaner joke or one liner?|A friend of mine was crippled when some masked hoodlums dumped molten sugar over him from the back of a van. He was caramelised in a driveby
What are you doing?|Avoiding work by answering ask Reddit questions
People who have emigrated from the USA, what is your favourite part of your new home-country? What is your least favourite?|I went from USA to UK.  I love that bathroom stalls have full walls/doors (no space between the door and the floor).  I also like that sales tax is included on price tags. I don't like the cost of living - avoid London folks.
What are some tips for negotiating a contract in your favor?|Know everything you want going in, know what you don't want, and don't try to pull anything over on the other party.
What’s your go to time killer when you’re bored?|Reddit.
What big thing in life are you looking forward to?|Jordyn Jones birthday
People who have killed someone (accidentally or otherwise) did you get away with it? What happened? What is your life like now?|Nice try FBI
What will be the next Blockbuster video?|GameStop
What movies did you watch when you were a teen, but could only appreciate them more when you got older?|The Matrix, for sure.
What was to your first console gaming device?|Sega was a family toy. Then I owned PlayStation 1.
What very adult concept did you understand as a young child?|That if you were able to journey to the center of the earth, you would be weightless.
What is your phones passcode?|Hahaha, nice try FBI guy
What is a computer?|A device that can be instructed to carry out arbitrary sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically.
What did a date do that Guaranteed a second date?|After I dropped her off and got home, I took out my phone and saw that she had texted me and said what a great time she had and would love to do it again.
What is the farthest you’ve driven for a hookup? Why?|Edit: The farthest you’ve travelled*
In what order do you build a sandwich with meat, cheese and a condiment?|Subway has it correct: Bread -> meat -> cheese -> Toppings/veggies -> sauce
People who have decided not to have children, why?|They're expensive, they're loud, they smell bad.  Why would anyone accept a $200,000+ burden that you have no guarantee won't grow up to be a serial killer or a brony or something equally awful?
What's the craziest/worst thing that's ever happened to you while barefoot?|Legos
What instantly puts you in a bad mood?|When I'm listening to music with my earbuds and I turn my head, and the cord rubs up against my neck or cheek.
What's the best way to improve instant ramen?|Add meat. More spices maybe
Who is the most annoying member of your family and why?|"My brother. He is loud and he's a bigot. He's also ""always right"". He talks a mile a minute, thinks that using racist insults makes him seem ""edgy"" and ""cool"" and he has a pair of truck nuts on his Jeep. He's the most annoying member of anyone's family."
What is your favorite anime and why?|Death Note. Hands down. The story is amazing. The two lead characters are awesome and seeing each other go to head in a battle of wits is amazing.
What has aged particularly well, under the circumstances?|Converse All Stars
What was your most recent visit to a hospital emergency room about?|UTI
What’s your plan ‘Z’ if everything goes wrong in your professional/student life?|walk the earth
What is so great about the Mona Lisa?|Nothing. Just a good PR campaign.
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?|Probably something cool like *Zanzibar*.
What’s a thing you know that happened but no one has ever believed you?|My shit colour was black last night?
People who don't know how to merge onto a freeway .. how have you made it this far in life?|By jumping into other people who are in a different lane's car and hitching a ride.
Would you play a reddit-themed game in which a random picture is shown and you have to guess which sub it was originally posted on?|Yeah why not
What's nice about having a penis?|Penis Puppetry
What skill/hobby would you want 99 points in?|Making friends
What's that thing or person that you always get mixed up with that other thing or person?|I always get Matt Damon and Mark Wahlberg mixed up... dunno why
What celebrity isn't as rich as people think?|Floyd Mayweather
What is a common misconception that Reddit always makes?|That the downvote button is for content you dont like.
What can make a child stop wishing to be an adult?|the crushing weight of responsibility
Introverts of Reddit, what advice do you have to help out fellow introverts socially?|Accept that you're an introvert but don't believe that it limits you. Sure, introverted people are going to have more trouble with confidence and in social situations, but you have to treat those things as skills you can and will learn.  Learn to ask simple questions and become a good listener - people will like you for that. Becoming expert in what you are talking about will automatically give you confidence too.
When do you think you changed from a kid/teen to a man/woman?|My friend said she became a woman the first time she flashed her boobs on webcam.
If Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington remade each other’s movies, which film would you be most excited to watch?|Training day so Hanks will say the n-word
What do you STILL not understand?|the sine/cosine wave transformations to do bullet hell projectile spawns in unity :( help lol
What was the cringiest moment of your life?|All of my teenage years lol
What’s something you do at work that will get you fired if they found out?|Nice try, boss
What does your inner child tell you that you still don't listen to?|"""I bet you could make that jump"""
What fandom has a great community?|Life is Strange
What item disappeared into thin air and you could never find again?|My Kindle fire.
What is a song that takes you back to your childhood? What specific memories does it make you think of?|"""Baker Street"" by Gerry Rafferty. Takes me back to when I was 6 and going to the doctor with my mother. I heard it in the car on the way there. I was terrified of getting a shot, and after the visit, where I had indeed gotten at least one shot/vaccination, we went to a soda fountain in a drugstore. Probably one of the last ones around at the time. Every time I hear that song I recall the ride in the car, and the drugstore/soda fountain. And of course, the dreaded shot(s)."
What’s something that makes you nervous?|'we need to talk'
"In r/AskReddit, what are some pro-tips for getting a question out of ""New"" or ""Rising""?"|Make it unique.
Those who dropped out/failed out of college, how did you get a job afterwards?|Started at the ground level, worked hard, showed my value. Learned on the job, taught myself as I went.
What's a dumb question you've always wanted to ask and wanted a legitimate answer to?|Why do people censor license plate numbers in photos of their cars? It’s not exactly private or protected information
What's the best subreddit with under 20,000 subs?|r/grandpajoehate
If someone offered to pay for something with sex, would you accept this? Why or why not?|Unless you're willing to give that sex to my landlord... I'd really prefer the money.
If Daniel-Day Lewis and The Rock remade each other’s movies, which film would you be most excited to watch?|I'm excited for Daniel-Day Lewis to spend a year building a feudal kingdom of scorpions so that he could feel like the Scorpion King before shooting starts.
When you first meet someone, what is the first thing you honestly judge them on?|Their looks.
What tastes better cooked in a microwave vs stove/oven/toaster?|Things meant to be microwaved, like hot pockets or most microwave dinners.
What is the greatest song in your opinion?|comfortably numb, pink floyd it has the greatest guitar solo of all time in my opinion
How having a pet makes you a better person?|It doesn’t
When did a featured artist outshine the main band/singer on their own song?|eminem pretty much every time he's featured
How much longer do you think the US has before the next recession and what are you doing to prepare for it?|One country doesn't have a recession; the entire world is affected.
What's the most annoying laugh you have heard look like typed out?|*Cha-chudneychudney-chacha-chudney*
Driving instructors of Reddit: What are the worst students you've ever worked with?|One student in particular essentially had no depth perception or spatial awareness. Providing instructions to her and praying were equally effective.
If a console could do something only a PC does, or vice versa, what would you want it to do?|I’d want my PC to run PlayStation exclusives natively.
"Reddit, what's your definition of ""home"" ?"|every place where Wi-Fi connects automatically
What 'Alien vs. Predator' style mashup would you want to see?|Justice League vs. The Avengers
"Men of Reddit, what is your worst ""Nice Girl"" experience?"|I don't understand the question, what is a Nice Girl?
Kids under 21: What do you think is a typical Grandmother or old person's name?|Mildred
What does your typical internet browsing history look like?|You keep a browser history lol?
What board game have you spent the most hours on?|Overall, probably Monopoly. Lately, probably Settlers of Catan.
Aside from crack, what is your crack?|Say crack again.
What are some stupid/funny things adults do because of peer pressure?|Drink
What do you reckon you can get away with?|Traveling anywhere in the world in a Hawaiian shirt and knee high socks.
What is the biggest bluff in history that was seen through?|There are a lot but I love the story of the Ghost Army during WWII which was a group of artists, actors, carpenters etc who used inflatable tanks, wooden props among other things to make allied forces appear larger than they are.
What song has the best bassline?|Longview Actually, maybe 'A Town Called Malice'
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?|Dumb and Dumber.
When brushing your teeth, do you leave the water running? Yes or no? Hot or cold?|Turn the water off- that's so effing wasteful
Hello Reddit, what is your favourite pub quiz team name?|The Scranton Stranglers
What do some Americans fear about or think is wrong with democratic socialism, and why?|Because literally every single time socialism is implemented it leads to dictatorship and failure.
Restaurant workers, what’s the most popular item on the menu?|Buffalo wings
Shop workers, what foods shouldn't we buy from your shop, and dear God, why?|every mall chinese food place.  the piss bucket is somewhere in the kitchen so people don't have to leave the kitchen to pee.
What was the dirtiest room you’ve ever seen like?|It was very dirty
Reddit, what is your hobby and what are some of the more unique and interesting things about it?|Exploring old cemeteries on rainy days. Nothing at all. I appreciate history.
What is your biggest phobia?|The one where it's a bunch of holes around each other.
What is the most shocking/crazy thing you have ever walked in on?|"My- myself? Wait but if you're me then... who am *I?*  
*Record scratch  
""Yup, that's us"""
What are your outside hobbies?|Exploring cemeteries in the rain.
If you could steal credit for any great piece of art, song, film, book etc which one would you claim?|Elliott Smith’s Either/or Album
Whats the best song to put on first thing in the morning?|Anything Metal \m/
Non-American cooks of Reddit, what is a recipe representative of your home country, town, region, etc.?|Chef Boyardee. Basically real Italian food.
"What is the ""press alt+f4 to double your money"" of the smartphone world?"|You can charge your iPhone by letting it run in the microwave.
Redditors who have legally (military, self-defense, etc) killed someone, what went through your head immediately following the event?|Military can't legally kill somebody UNLESS they are killing from within their own country.
What is something you’re really good at, but is utterly pointless and you’ll never get to show off?|Putting pants on without hands
What’s something people are most judgmental about?|Music genre
One wants to travel out of the main season, since they can't afford to book a flight then. They want to go to a sunny country and spend time outside, so calling in sick at school is impossible, since returning tanned & refreshed would certainly provoke inquiries. How could one excuse themselves?|For the tanning: wear sunscreen For the sickness: walk around in a hospital for a day after getting back from said vacation.
What are some good pick-me-up/comedy movies that always make you smile or laugh?|Napoleon Dynamite
Who is born in FEB?|Every black person in history IIRC.
People whose houses burned down, what happened?|accident? Yeah! ACCIDENT!
How do you picture the number line in your mind?|Rockettes
If you had 30 seconds to be heard by everyone in the world, what would you tell them?|Respect one another.
What do insanely poor people buy, that ordinary people know nothing about?|You can buy extra small potatoes in large bags on the cheap if you're too poor to buy the larger potatoes. You can then cook those instead for pennies on the dollar to feed yourself. It's even cheaper than ramen. Bar soap is cheap. :/
Do couples in the US get married only after they live together for sometime? What's your story?|"I'd say it varies widely.  My story is my boyfriend proposed, and then my dad said, ""You should move in with him and rent out your condo"" so that's what we did!  Otherwise, I probably would've moved in at some point before the wedding, for logistical reasons."
People who don't say thank you when others hold doors, why do you do this?|As a door holder it sometimes annoys me but then I realise that person may not be having a good day etc. So I just smile and move on.
What's the next big technical advancement that everyone should be excited for?|Finding a probable cure for cancer is my biggest thing.
What puts things into perspective?|Death
VHS movies used to come with 'one liners' on the box. What was your favorite?|Be kind. Please rewind.
Gingers of reddit what were your experiences of being bullied for your hair color?|"I got called ""a guitar queer fire crotch"" by a football player once. I said only his girlfriend knew for certain if the curtains matched the drapes, and if he was really that interested he could ask her. Mostly though it was annoying having middle aged women grab my hair and say the wished they had my natural hair color. Good thing I started going bald, I don't have to deal with that anymore!"
You suddenly gain the ability to permanently have any person's hair. Who do you choose?|Dick van Dyke.
What gets a solid 6/10 from you?|My friend. If she were a bit taller, probably an 8.
Is studying overseas worth it? Why?|If you have the money, or are willing to take on large student debt it sure is. If not, don't go 30k in debt just to study abroad.
What do parents expect in return for housing their kids?|good parents just love their kids, not expecting something in return
All of the Avengers in The MCU are trying to kill you, you get to pick two to defend you, who do you pick?|Thor and Doctor Strange.
What is the pattern in which you vacuum?|From the right side to the left side.
What are some sayings or phrases with a weird history behind them?|"""Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater"" comes from a time when people bathed once a month or less, and it was a whole family event.  The family would bathe by order of age, oldest to youngest, so often when the baby was being bathed the water would be black from all the dirt and nastiness, making it possible to actually lose sight of the baby in the water. Another fun one is ""raining cats and dogs"" because animals used to sleep in the thatch roofs of houses, so during big storms the animals would come falling out of the ceiling into the house."
People who get sucked in the hype machine, why?|Because Putin personally edits the internet to try to make Hillary look bad!
What's the best sports commentating you've ever heard during an event or game?|As much hate as he got as a player, Romo seemed right at home in the booth.  Came off as personable and had jokes, but his game IQ shined. That being said, I'll always love Pat Foley most.
Redditors who met their SO's on this site, what sub-reddit helped you two meet?|r/girlsfinishingjob
If 'Man Scouts' existed what merit badges would there be?|Shaving your face without getting any cuts
An EA representative is coming in during our animation class tomorrow, what questions should we ask them?|What made you guys decide to start being complete dicks?
What word or phrase can you throw at someone to immediately discern their cultural heritage, generation, and/or authenticity in a given area?|"""I support the IRA"" An 'Irish American' who has never been to Ireland."
If porn was real, what would the world look like?|I'd be very nervous about ordering pizza.
Who would like to explain the entire Trump Russian thing to me?|The only one who can explain the whole thing is Robert Mueller.
When did you realize that you are not the hot shit you thought you were?|When I went to boarding school and realized I wasn't as smart as I thought I was.
Do you have any inanimate objects that you've named, and why did you name them that?|My wife has a Totoro plushie.... she named it Totoro.....
What made Alexander the Great such a great leader even if his empire lasted just 10 years?|/r/domyhomeworkforme
How do you get someone to pay, when they owe you money?|depending on how much money you're owed, I encourage you to go to either /r/pettyrevenge or /r/prorevenge
What’s some nice room decor for $25?|A painting, a mirror, photos you've taken or that you just like in nice frames, a plant and many more.Depends on your personal style & preference..I find great ideas on Pinterest.
What is literally the most over used word you can think of?|"""Literally"""
What was your favorite Nintendo 64 game?|Ocarina of Time, Majora's Mask, Perfect Dark, and Goldeneye. These games are still amazing.
Americans of Reddit, what non-American artist/band do you like that didn't make it or isn't particularly well-known in America?|Sabaton, its a swedish power metal band.
What was the weirdest behavior or style you were attracted to?|Super androgynous goths. Jesus, someone beat some taste into me, because I still love it.
what is the bad thing about rich people?|Depends on who you're referring to..
How often do you change a band aid on your finger?|It depends on the cut. If it's a basic-scrape (the name of my band in high school) then I'll change it when I wake up, after I get  home from work and before I go to bed.
What change in your diet made the most difference for you?|Cut soda
What do you eat on a daily basis?|Cheese and tomato on toast
How Do People Hide Large Amounts Of Food In Their Mouth?|"If you've got a big mouth you can just super stretch your cheeks out. Also if you don't gag easy you could just pack more food in.  
But *don't* because you'll choke."
What is that one thing your parents told you growing up you found to be a complete lie?|I did NOT go blind...
What are your best ramen tips/hacks?|I usually make the noodles, add some cheese, and then add some hot dogs. In the microwave. Not bad. Add some BBQ sauce.
Do you purposely try to avoid looking like a tourist when abroad, and why?|No but I don't go out of my way to look like one either. Then again the only travel abroad I've done was Thailand so I looked like a tourist regardless considering I'm glow in the dark white.
What do you do when your partners are crying?|fix it if they want something fixed. listen otherwise. and maybe include a milkshake.  Its hard to cry into a milkshake.
Which song makes you tear up every single time you listen to it? And why (conditional)?|Can't help falling in love That gum commercial got me, which is pretty embarrassing but I love that song.
Reddit, what is your profession described as an RPG class?|Bard
What will you advise your previous boss?|I would tell him to stop bringing up his “I’m always right” politics in the kitchen. Even if someone wants to have a rational debate with him (which no one really does), it will always turn irrational because of his unwillingness to understand anything presented by another person.  You might be able to see how this translates into actual kitchen work.
If you could bring back one meme for 3 days what would it be and why?|Rick Roll because I’ll never give it up
What could-have-been life changing event did you pass up that you wonder everyday if it was the right choice?|That job in Florida. Wanted to stay close to family...
What old show or movie would you like to see get revived?|The Bridge Over the River Kwai.
What is it like to have a beard?|Its unlike being a woman
What are some foods you should avoid to grow taller?|This is not Yahoo Answers.
What is the most bizarre conspiracy theory out there and how likely is it true?|My grandmother thinks that a race of snake people live among us. Some snake people don't know they snakes tho. She has personally seen two people actually transform into snake like beings. For her 80th birthday I took her to the exopolitics conference and met a whole room of people who also believed this. I also met this unsettling dude called Pierre Sabak who wrote a book on snake people and gave the keynote lecture.  Likelihood of being true: 1/10 Would have been zero but Mr Sabak had the deadest fucking eyes and I suspect,if anyone is a snake, it's him.
What will be written on your gravestone?|I'm not sure I want anything on it, because if it gets spelt wrong, that would be a grave mistake.
What are you passionate about?|Sleep
What was your infomercial worthy cooking fail?|Not me a co-worker - she put her hand in a blender which was on.
What small change in your life made a huge difference?|Constantly putting things into Google Calendar
What is the weirdest thing that your pet does?|Lays on heater vents. I have video evidence.  I Finally Figured Out Why My Bedroom Has Been So COLD! https://youtu.be/OQvTf6RX248
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?|"C’mon guy, I don’t have 20/28 vision... 
Wait..."
What was the longest second you’ve ever experienced?|The second that took to load my college acceptance letter
What shows have opening credits that you enjoy and don’t skip?|I like the Fuller House theme tune, but they do not have a cold open which means Netflix automatically skips it. I have to rewind to listen.
What made you stop using Facebook?|Everyone selling ItWorks, LulaRoe, Lipsense, doTERRA, Pampered Chef and all other MLM bull crap no one needs.
Reddit, what are things to look out for when buying an older used car?|start with the basics. is the interior clean? if they cant bother to clean that, they are too lazy to do any actual maintenance to the car.
What subjects do you think should be off limits to jokes?|NONE!
Women of reddit, what goes through your mind when you see a really attractive guy?|"""Ohhh... Pretty."""
Hey feminists, how come the me too movement doesn't have a conversation including the abuses of the Catholic or Morman church?|There's no reason it couldn't include that. Talk about it if you want.
With all the hate and pain in the world, what do you do you stay positive?|Every so often I shut the world out and have an insane snuggle fest with my cat.
Who are the easiest celebrities to troll on Twitter?|Literally any political celebrity, especially the ones who are #1 Hillary fans
What are some common words that most people don't realize are other common words, spelled backwards?|For example, 'repaid' is 'diaper' backwards
What do you think will be different about our generation when we attain old age, compared to other generations?|What’s your generation?
What was a lie told to you while growing up?|"My father told me that both pickles and peanuts grew on trees. Kept it up for many years. In fact, just about everything ""grew on trees"" except money, according to my dad."
How has evil benefited you, either personal act of evil or someone else's?|Have you garnered any lasting benefit from evils you undertook? Breaking the law, violating other people, stealing, verbal abuse? I have cured my existential anxiety from undertaking evil acts of stealing. I was a prolific shoplifter for about five years. It was the main source of my income. I feel that I have freed myself from cultural pressures from my evil actions. I feel that I have affirmed my right to exist by taking from others.  I realized that life is what you make it, however you make it. I'm now a positive nihilist turned hedonist. I haven't stolen in seven months. I'm slowly reworking certain cultural pressures back into my mind, because my life as a thief became untenable. I've been sober all this time too. I feel that my evil actions have gained me a better acceptance of life. I'm now attending college and have goals to be a self-actualized lawful citizen, because I found that good, honest living does feel good. I'm basically doing it because it feels better than being homeless, not because of any moral imperative. If homeless shelters didn't suck, I'd still be out there. There's an old Christian sect known as antinomianism. It says that we're released from law by grace. Certain sects even took it further, claiming that committing evils like necrophilia brought them closer to God. I certainly feel closer to God than I used to. This is because I wielded my personal agenda with impunity for many years. I have experienced impunity. That's God right there. I don't mean this to be religious discussion (though I'm fine if it turns out that way) but I just wanted to include some historical basis for evil enlightenment. My question is, has evil improved your life? Whether your evil or someone else's.
You are about to be sent back to the year 1325 tomorrow, you have today to fill a blue back pack up with modern items that will make you're stay in 1325 more comfortable, what do you put in the blue back pack?|Antibiotics, antacids, and other first aid items.  Certainly nothing to techy that would get me burned at the stake.
How would you invest $10,000?|Anything but Bitcoin
What is the most ridiculous customer review you've ever received?|I work in a pharmacy. We had a patient the other day say that “I don’t understand why you keep saying that my Xanax is a narcotic and taking my license. It never makes me feel high and has never worked for painkilling!”
A six-year-old child asks you if Santa Claus is real…. What do you say?|yes, of course he is.
Audiophiles of Reddit, what is your go-to song for testing out a great pair of speakers / headphones?|Siamés - The Wolf
People who have there phone on speaker in public, why?|cuz they like the attention
what’s the shocking thing you’ve ever done?|I inserted two fingers in my girlfriends vagina and one in her anus.
People who moved from a small town to a big city, wht surprised you most about city life?|Police ignore 99% of traffic violations that would get you pulled over in small towns.
What is one thing you’ve seen once & haven’t been able to find it since?|Aurora borealis
Which holiday is exclusive of your country?|Well Independence Day of course.
What do you like doing after a big meal ?|taking a big dump
In what ways did you win or lose the genetic lottery?|Lost: Bad joints, depression and anxiety, easily gain weight. Won: Low cholesterol + high HDL values. I'm going to be depressed and in a lot of pain but it's doubtful I'll keel over from a heart attack or a stroke.
What’s the funniest scene from a movie that is not a comedy?|Anything from the Room
What podcast on Spotify would you recommend to a first-time listener regardless of category/genre?|History Goes Bump
What political ideology, not party, are you a part of?|social democrat.
What was the worst case you have ever seen of someone who was either extremely emotionally sensitive or completely hardened? What kind of problems did they have?|"I had a period of time where I pretty much felt ""Nope, screw everyone. You can either fight for your ""rights"" yourself or you don't deserve them. Screw off and let me do my own thing."" for a while after a close friend died."
Whats the weirdest way that you've offended someone by?|My friend asked me on the phone how often I masturbate a day. I said I was not going to tell her. About 5 minutes later, I changed my mind. Told her than maybe once or twice per day (which was nowhere near her six) and she told me that I was disgusting for actually telling her, then she hung up.
What are your thoughts on Solo: A Star Wars Story?|Unnecessary. Mildly intriguing due to Donald Glover though.
What was a dumber trend than the tide pod challenge?|I don't remember the name of it but where kids would hold their breath until they passed out. That was happening when I was in school and people hit their heads on radiators and shit like that
If you could go anywhere in the world right now but only had 30 minutes there. Where would you go and what would you do?|Amsterdam and do drugs
What are some of the creepiest cults/organizations there are?|The republican party
Which major celebrities will die this year and why?|Gotta play the odds and say Betty White.
what movie matches to your life?|Combination of Office Space & Extract.
"what are some of best single/double word non vulgar insult ,for e.g you people are ""pure garbage""?"|Disappointingly Useless
Subway workers of reddit, what is the weirdest sandwich a customer has ever ordered?|meatball plus ham
Why would a person marry someone they were ashamed to be in a relationship with?|Guilt maybe. Or think they can't find any one else and don't want to pass up the possibly only opportunity to be married.
What's the worst condiment related disaster you've ever had to deal with?|That mustard water all over my burger when I forget to shake the bottle. Happens every time..
What cover or remix of a song substantially improved on the original?|"""Killing Me Softly"" The Fugees."
What are your opinions on the DACA situation?|Ok so here goes: On one hand, having illegal immigrants legally grow up and enter the workforce while unemployment among citizens exists is a bad thing. For obvious reasons. And having parents who don’t get deported because of their DACA children has the same scenario.  That being said, I think it would be difficult to deport people who have grown up here, speak only English, and are seemingly functioning in society.  On the other hand, there is no legal mechanism for them to pay taxes.  On the other hand, taxation is theft.  So I don’t know what to think, but I’m leaning towards letting them stay, but creating a mechanism for which they are as liable as everyone else to pay taxes.
What is the one embarasing thing that you always wanted to learn or do?|I'm a 20 year old white boy and honestly I would love to learn hip-hop dancing
"Journalists of Reddit: How does ""off the record"" actually work in the real world?"|Well, when somebody tells me that what they are saying is off the record, I am not going to print it.  But, people barely ever tell me that, so I have no juicy celeb secrets.
When is the worst time to get an erection?|A snake bites your penis and your mother has to suck the venom out
What are some of the nicest traditions at festivities?|Food, presents, clowns
How did you get over procrastination?|I'll figure it out tomorrow and let you know eventually.
How many posts did it take to get to the front page?|243
Non-fashion connoisseurs of Reddit! What do you think should be the next ridiculous trend in fashion?|I think we should bring back the style of wearing an onion on your belt.
Farts now linger 3x longer than they do now. How is life different?|alone.
Blind people of Reddit, what are your dreams like?|ibq qwiuiuinqwe quhiounqpoqn !!
Christians of reddit, what do you know about Horus, Krishna and Mithra?|Are those bosses in Final Fantasy?
If the world we live in was a simulation, and you were being controlled by a person, what would they rate your progression in the game?|30%
What’s something very small, but hurts your pride a lot?|I feel like a lot of penis jokes are on the way.
What's the most trivial thing you've cried over?|Good grief king, look at this this crybaby bubble gum he is out and squaling tears somebody get some help, some mouth rinse, water out here.. Oh the humanity, jr
What are the chances of hearing the Space X rocket launch in Los Angeles since it's launching in Florida?|You won't hear it
What's the worst fashion trend that used to be popular at some point in the past?|CROCS
What is your worst rejection story?|My teacher rejected my assignment because Of late submission by 5 minute
Hi it's Janice, What are some ways for me to get revenge on my son in law ED?|hi janice, it's 33. what did ED do?
"Do you think some people would benefit from an optional self-imposed ""limit"" to how many people they can match with at a time?"|Some pretty girl not returning your Tinder messages, bud?
Married or formerly married Redditors: What was it about your wife/husband that was different than previous relationships?|"He is not jealous. At all. It was unnerving at first, because I've always been controlled by men. I learned in therapy that I had come to associate possessive behavior with love, and when he didn't try to control me I assumed it was because he didn't actually love me.  
It's been a strange journey."
What diseases has google wrongly diagnosed you with, and how far from being right was it?|I was bitten by an ant once and webMD said I had cancer.
People of a random group that also is on reddit, what is the biggest WTF moment that you DIDN'T experience?|The Big Bang
Where does Earth's curvature unexpectedly come into play?|Get a load of this roundie, guys. Dude thinks Earth is curved. You ever wonder why your desk chair isn't moving right now? Flat as a pancake.
If there's only a stairway to heaven, why doesn't god make heaven handicap accessible?|because God is an asshole
Ladies, how can a guy give you the perfect Valentine’s Day?|By listening to what they want. Don't be afraid to ask. Not every woman wants the same thing out of their Valentines Day.
What's an idea from the baby boomers generation that is just no longer relevant anymore?|Get a college degree and boom, instantly get a job. Doesn't work like that anymore, unfortunately.
What's most memorable about grade school?|the carelessness
When did you fear for your life the most?|When I hit rock bottom in a moment in my life
"What ""As seen on TV"" product did you bought and how was your experience?"|The Fein Multimaster is billed 'as seen on TV' which makes it seem like a really shitty product. It is actually one of the most important tools that a tradesman can own. Like, you will struggle to find something better built or more useful. I have not used one, but I have sold about 2,000 of them. Not one complaint.
What's your favourite movie quote?|In the world I see - you are stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center. You'll wear leather clothes that will last you the rest of your life. You'll climb the wrist-thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower. And when you look down, you'll see tiny figures pounding corn, laying strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of some abandoned superhighway. Tyler Durden
Why are consumers so willing to condemn companies like EA, Ubisoft, and Konami for their business mistakes but so willing to give Nintendo a free pass when they employ anti-consumer practices?|Because nostalgia. If EA used a youtube partnership program like Nintendo's, there'd be riots in the streets. But Nintendo is the lovable company that made Mario and Star Fox. They can't be jerks. Plus, Nintendo's stuff hasn't been as high profile or far reaching. We shouldn't be giving any corporation a pass because there aren't really any (or at least not many) good ones.
What is a considered a good salary to you?|Six figures annually.
What convinced you that your house was haunted?|I've posted about it a few times; but my old apartment was haunted. Strange sounds in the night, things went missing, radio turned on mysteriously, ghostie called my name and talked to me once, handprint in steamy mirror, broom balancing on its own etc.
Redditors, what are some interesting things about the town you live in?|It’s small but beautiful, plus lots of nice food
What advice would you give to a 14 year old looking to invest in stocks?|Go outside and play instead.
How do you feel when you first wake up on a Monday morning?|I feel like P-Diddy.
What are some legitimate part time work from home jobs that aren't a scam?|Prostitute.
Politically inclined, unbiased Americans, can you please explain what is going on with the Nunes memo and how does it implicate either party?|All I see are both sides throwing accusations around talking about how this is horrible for the opposite team. What are the facts and truth behind what is going on?
How much thought do you give to being in a random violent encounter?|Quite a lot.
"What ""rule"" made by society makes you disappointed in the world?"|We can’t comment or intervene when people discipline their kids. And by that I mean hitting them or verbally abusing them. For some reason we are supposed to just look the other way. I worked in a mall for a while and you wouldn’t believe the shit people do in public to their children. And I’ve got kids, and without a doubt they test your patience daily, but there isn’t any circumstance where I would hit my sons. And maybe if  we all started shaming those jackasses it might discourage from doing it again
Drug testers of Reddit, how far have people gone to try and pass a test?|Not a drug tester but maradona's fake penis comes to mind. Came up in auction about a decade ago.
What industries will be extinct within 15 years?|With any luck the oil industry.
Why are you join reddit?|i like look memes
What's one food you absolutely refuse to eat?|Clams & muscles
Was there ever a moment in your life where you just stop for about 5-10 seconds and think about your life choices?|Sure, every single time I lay down to go to sleep sober.
What are some considerable , older AskReddit threads that are super gripping to read through?|just sort, top -> all time and binge.
Who has the worst fanbase in sports?|Football/Basketball in the US.  No other sport in the US has fans that destroy things after a major win/loss.
Who or what is your arch nemesis and why?|Lower back pain.
How did you respond when you got caught mastubating?|Sorry I'm a bit busy. I have my hands full… OK, I have A hand call over here.
"How much would you pay for a ""moviepass"" for food, where you pay a given amount a month for a meal out a day?"|It would depend on what restaurants I can choose from. But honestly I probably wouldn't at any price.  I eat too poorly when I eat out frequently.
What is the juicy rumor in your office right now?|That u/dannydew has a dick like a campbell's soup can.
What do you think should be taught in school?|Personal finance should be a mandatory class in high school.
Drivers of reddit, why do you speed up when passed?|Usually it's because I realize I've dropped my speed to below where I want it to be (hence, why I was passed)
"At what point did you ask yourself ""what the fuck am I doing with my life?"""|Everyday
Campers of Reddit, whats the most memorable/astounding outdoor experience you've had?|Watching the northern lights over Lake Superior was pretty special.
What's the best way to gaslight a colleague?|Remove the gas tank drain plug, the next time he tries to start his car the gas tank warning light will be on.
"What is the ""Does this smell like chloroform to you?"" of other professions?"|I... What profession uses the chloroform line?  D:
What is the most creative fictional power you've heard of?|Can I say Allomancy here? I'm going to say Allomancy.
Adoption parents of reddit, have you ever wished you could return your kid, if so why?|I think all parents, adoptive, birth or foster have wished they could return their kid at some point, even if very briefly. Kids completely change your world, and change is hard.
What was your most frustrating gaming experience?|Multiplayer being pointless when you're not a kid, or have responsibilities.
What's the last book you read and how was it?|The last book I read was The Folding Knife, by KJ Parker.  I quite liked it, it got pleasantly tragic.
Is your dog a destructive chewer? If so, what's his/her favorite chew toy?|My foot, we had to put her down
What would make being the richest person in the world not worth it to you?|Doing anal all day, every day. I mean obviously this is a scenario where I get paid ridicolous amounts of money for providing that, but yeah, kinda ruins the enjoy-being-rich factor
What smell makes you salivate?|Meat on the grill.
How do you tell the difference between serious cries for help and attention seeking?|Self-destructive tendencies and an awareness of said tendencies is an obvious giveaway.
What didn't age well at all?|Blockbuster
What's the worst camping experience you've ever had?|I was in the army, i wouldn't particularly can it camping .. it was a outdoor training exercise. We were running drills and our camp got attacked, we had to get in a good fire position and hold back the enemy pushing forward. My position was ontop of a wasp/hornet nest which lead to 46 stings for me, 30+ for another and 60+ for another. That wasn't an enjoyable experience!
Ex-poor people of Reddit, what is a habit you still have from when you used to be poor?|I still cut a new dish sponge in half and use only half of it at a time. Those things are way bigger than they need to be.
Who is the evilest kid you’ve ever met and what did they do that made you think that?|tried to suicide bomb a place
As a Korean speaker, how would you describe the difference between North and South accents?|I'm not a Korean speaker
"If ""The Man"" is the head of the establishment, what is ""The Woman""?"|The head of the resistance ;)
Girls of reddit, what was the best gift from your boyfriends?|This is kinda lame but a home cooked meal. He doesn't cook at all - all just packaged foods. He made me a three course meal from scratch. Was such a lovely gesture - hes done simmilar things since but none were completely from scratch.
What are your opinions on gun control?|In my opinion, reasonable gun control is already in effect (controlled ownership of explosives, full-autos, etc) and people who try to argue that a guns appearance should make it more controlled (ar15, ak47) are mistaken. You can just as easily shoot 30 5.56 rounds out of a mini 14 as an ar15. The fact that it’s painted black makes no difference in the real world.
Law enforcement officers of Reddit, what was the most badass thing you ever said while catching a perp?|“Goodnight”  Right after sending a 308 round down range at a suspect.
Why isn't there as much mainstream attention to Rock bands in the modern day such like there was back in th 70's and 80's? Is it (sadly) a dying music genre?|mainstream musically taste comes in waves, I would not be surprised to rock make a come back like it did in the 90s in 5-10 years. That being said there is a ton of really good rock out there, just because it's not mainstream doesn't mean it's not getting attention.
What do you do when you are getting bore?|I read books on proper grammar.
Right now, what are witnessing the “best of” or “greatest of”?|Track and field athletes
Has Chris Lilley created any other shows similar to Summer Heights High?|There was Jonah
Who's the most annoying character on TV?|I posted this as I'm re-watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine and I DESPISE the character Gina...
Fellow redditors with SAD: When does seasonal depression affect you? How do you deal with it?|I get it every winter, usually after the drain of the holidays until the days are consistently warm and sunny. I just feel like I want to hibernate until spring. I up my vitamin D from 2,000 to 4,000 IU and I really just don't do as much as I do when it's nice. Exercise helps and being around friends, but sometimes you just have to be okay going to sleep at 8:00 on a Tuesday night.
What does “Cadet Bone Spurs” mean?|the President got a draft deferment through complaining about bone spurs. despite these apparently crippling bone spurs, they've never bothered him since the end of the draft and he brags about his athletic prowess all the time.
If every 12 year old was given a one time option to change their name permanently, what name would you be stuck with right now?|I really wanted to be named Rose. My name is hard to spell and isn't pronounced phonetically so Rose was beautiful and simple.
What have you always wanted to buy “just because”?|A solid gold toilet.
What foods do you enjoy now that you didn't like/try as a kid?|Cheese cake sounded so terrible. Boy was I wrong.
What’s something old that aged surprisingly well?|Your mom.
What are your best and worst addictions?|Worst : Reddit. It's insanely time consuming
What is the best flavor in the world?|Peanut Butter
What is the best Disney movie?|I always had a soft spot for The Aristocats.
When were you at your rudest as a customer?|"I was ordering garlic bread over the phone and I unintentionally added on ""Hey and can you tell them not to burn the living shit out of it this time?"". The girl on the other end of the line was like ""yeah I'll just put lightly toasted instead"" and that's when I realized what the fuck I had just said"
Can you please take a moment to look up and state here, what’s happening in your surroundings?|It's a small barren room that is locked. I am here until my time is done. It smells and is uncomfortable. I am here because of choices I made in my past. I look forward to doing my paperwork for release. I am doing a shit.
How did fighting your school bully go?|Well! I was bigger than most kids in middle school as I hit my growth spurt early. In high school, I got bullied as well. Especially being I went to a very closed minded southern school, that was also somehow in the ghetto because diversity. Anyhow, I fought quite a few bullies there, got my ass kicked a couple times. Kicked ass a couple times. In the end, I think it's better to stand up for yourself you might catch an ass whoopin' but at least you didn't just let some shit happen to you.
What’s something your lover does that’s makes you fall for them all over again?|Wiggles her toes on my chin
What's the weirdest thing you ever did as a kid?|Fuck you, now i can't sleep because of all the stupid things i've ever done will pop up to my mind.
What are the most depressing lyrics ever?|"Could you hurry, sir, daddy says there's not much time
You see she's been sick for quite a while
And I know these shoes would make her smile
And I want her to look beautiful if mama meets Jesus tonight Gets me every holiday season"
How many miles does your car have and what condition is it in?|2015 Honda Accord, 26000, Excellent.
What is the worst advice you've ever received?|Well, you aren’t exactly doing well right now and i don’t know if I can keep doing these lessons if you’re not making progress . Have you ever thought of picking a different major. My piano instructor giving me some feed back
What job do you have that most people don't even know exist?|English teacher
Why do you watch porn?|The acting
How did all of the candy companies agree that sour apple,grape,cherry, etc. flavors would taste the way they do?|They have a taster - currently it's Gary Wellbrow, out of the northern UK - who gets sent sample fruits and sample flavors and rates them on a scale of 1-100 for accuracy. Now, the formulas for the candies are often trade secrets, so have to be redeveloped per-company.  This means that you hit a few less-healthy (or outright toxic) formulas, so the role of taster is changed out every 7 years (adjusted for leap years, of course).  The next taster is to be elected in 2019, but no suitable candidates are yet available. There is currently quite some discussion about whether they could simply re-elect Gary or not.
Girls that got back together with your ex, what made you change your mind?|Low self esteem
Redditors whose friends and family thought you had a perfect relationship before you broke up, what signs did they miss?|They didn't notice the fact that we've broken up 3 times
If you had 5 months with nothing to do, what would you do?|Depends if I have money. If not, stay in bed
What are the simple things in life everyone should enjoy?|Food, sex, sleep.
What are some good serious gang names which aren’t already taken?|The Snooty Patooties.
What are some niche or weird essential oils to diffuse?|Tobacco oil smells pretty good
What's a question you've never seen asked on AskReddit?|H̹͇̥̣̣͕̳̀o̜̗w̫͖̦̼̯̕ ͝d̡̟̣͍̰o̬̘̮͕̭͎e̮̳s̖̦̣̗ ͍̰̻̺̟̦̺ḭ̪ͅṱ̙͓͎ ͞g̵͎̩͍̣͙ŕ̪͖̠i̸̳̭ṋ̪̺̰̪̭d͏̖ ̬̠̤̣̫t̠͔͙̞h̦̲̗e̯͇͙̮̼͝ ̵̻̦̼̣̟͕s̰̩͈̤͖k͚̼̦i̛n͇̱͉̬̱̬̘͘?͟
What is actually the golden rule?|When you give a girl a golden shower, make sure she's of age, you don't want to be like R Kelly spraying girls with that hose all willy nilly.
What’s the most appalling thing you've ever caught any family member doing?|I once walked in on my mother in the bathroom while she was swapping out the TP roll. She placed it where it unrolled from underneath instead of over the top like it was designed to do. I haven't spoken to her in 5 years.
What book is it where a guy has to live in a room reading just books for years and years?|There's an HP Lovecraft short story, The Outsider, where the protagonist grew up with nothing but books for company.
Non-Americans, which American accent is hardest for you to understand? why?|Southern
Who's ready for the Falcon Heavy launch by SpaceX?|Considering several years ago they announced their hopes to launch it by the end of 2013, I'm pretty damn ready. Also...since they say they aim to get an unmanned BFR to Mars in 2022...I'm assuming that's more likely going to be 2028 - 2030.
What would you recommend paying attention to when buying a car?|The car
What was the last thing that hurt you?|Myself. With a bread knife. Oops.
What's your all time favorite School Cafeteria lunch?|Nachos
What’s the last game you played?|The Long Dark
What Is A Good Thing That Happened To You Today?|I woke up.
Redditors who have past the prime of their lives, how do you feel now?|Probably not as great now that you've reminded them
What do you wish there was footage of?|Alien contact
Who would you kill if you could %100 getaway with it?|Probably wouldn’t be able to live with myself no matter how much the person deserves it
Uber drivers rate you on a scale of 1 to 5. If you could see how you people in any other profession rate you, what would you pick and why?|Gynecologist  Pretty obvious reasons
Blind people of reddit, how do you use the site?|Speech to text maybe?
What has been your best impulse buy?|Fleshlight
What is an obscure series that you're a huge fan of?|"Not super obscure, but Babylon 5. If we're going into more general definitions of series as opposed to ""TV Series"", Falcom's The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky series. Trails of Cold Steel's okay too."
NSFW When did you realize you had a Big/Small Penis?|"When someone wrote a book about my life.  ""Trails in the sand"" by Peter Dragon"
If 2017 was a food, what would it be and how would it taste?|A turd sandwhich w/ cat litter garnish
What is something that did not age well?|This question on the front page, apparently https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7vi6xm/what_didnt_age_well/ Enjoy all those answers already prepared for you, OP
What made you instantly hate your co-worker?|"I was happy for the first time in my life and he recommended I stop taking my medication because ""you're smart and you don't need it, they don't do anything"". Immediately lost respect for him."
What are some ways you find love for yourself?|cooking and eating a variety of things
What is your prized possession?|Myself
What's a movie goof that you noticed the first time watching something that completely ended your ability to suspend disbelief and ruined the moment?|The throne room fight scene in TLJ. The Praetorian Guard looked like rejects from a Devo music video.
What does not make sense to you?|Why alcohol, one of the leading cause of death worldwide, is legal, but cannabis, the oil of which can treat cancer, is illegal.
What inanimate object infuriates you the most?|Yield signs.  Just make it a stop sign.
How can you identify intelligent people?|Talk with them for a while.
Exorcists of Reddit, (A. Are you out there?) whats your favourite encounter?|Commenting to follow lol
What's the longest time you've been on a bus trip?|36 hours. North West of England to Barcelona. Don't ask how it took so long. School trip.
What’s the best webpage you can pull up to mess with people passing by behind you?|Zombo.com
What’s something easy to fix yourself that’s not well known?|If your car remote isn't working. Take the face of it off, and the rubber buttons. Take a cue tip and dip it into a small amount of rubbing alcohol and rub the residue off of the metal receivers.
What company/ place do you regularly visit because of their service?|Wal-Mart
What random act of kindness have you don’t today?|Didnt murder ppl
People who enjoy ‘Warheads’ or other extremely sour candies, why do you enjoy suffering?|I'm not sensitive to sour things so I don't see what I'm supposed to be suffering over.
What's a small thing you do every day that makes you happy?|Checking my replies on Reddit
To those who use community workplace refrigerators - What was the most annoying/frustrating item(s) that got stolen?|I've been using them for many years and tbh I've never had anything stolen. Then again I bring things that don't look desirable most of the time I guess.
What was your most “nope nope nope” moment?|A guy ran up to me with his dick in his hand. On the street. He ran. Towards me.
What's the worst sandwich you can come up with using bread, meat and cheese?|All it needs is a gas station price sticker over it.
What’s something you spent a lot of money on that you regret?|08 chevy colarado.
What allows for food to last without spoiling and allows for the food to be reheatable?|A refrigerator.
Beside r/marijuanaenthusiast and r/trees, what others subreddit that have strong correlation?|(NSFW) r/deepthroat and r/happydeepthroat
People who sell items way above their value online. Does it work?|I mean your answer is in the title...
What’s your version of “bread and milk” when preparing for a storm?|Condoms and beer
Who in your opinion should never reproduce?|Democrats
What do you think should be taken out of public school curriculum (or made optional)?|"Anything labeled as ""Common Core"" math. Give kids something they can use in life. Give them the experience they need for the work force."
People who have landed a job they were extremely under-qualified for, how did it work out?|Pretty good, qualifications weren't that intense, I just didn't have them
What was the weirdest hallucination you ever had?|Seeing the tooth fairy behind my bedroom curtains as a kid.
What's the easiest way to cure a muscle cramp?|Rest a lot!
Alright askreddit, we always here about the bad bosses. What were some genuinely good ones you worked for?|If I finished my work early I could leave early. Best boss ever.
How do you combat your depression?|Too much of a pussy to kill myself so oh well
What were your childhood fears?|When I was a kid I was afraid of shadows behind my curtains at night and strange lights shining through my windows. Other than that I didn't get scared easily.
What is the most embarrassing thing you've seen someone do?|Not my story, but my sisters coworker’s boyfriend came in to her work one day to propose - dresses up like a chicken, carrying a dozen roses.  Sang a song, did a dance, the whole nine yards. She said no.
What is the best answer to clear rudeness? Be rude yourself or just ignore?|make the people who are being rude look like idiots by not giving in to their ignorance
What would be a great Fantasy Football loser Tattoo?|Cleveland Browns Superbowl Champs 20xx
Americans of Reddit: who did you vote for in the last presidential election? Do you regret your choice now? Why?|Trump, nope, it was a better choice than Hillary.
If you could hack Stephen Hawking's voice, what would you make him say?|Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plaugeis the wise?
"What was a toy you loved as a kid that they don't make anymore because it's too ""dangerous""?"|Lawn darts
People who can imagine anything they want in their head, what’s it like?|Terrible. When it's good, it's good but when it's bad.... fuck. It's BAD.
Could sentience exist outside of physical vessel? Why/why not?|I think the answer right now is: why not? We don't know enough to know.
What's the most wholesome subreddit you can think of and how has it helped you?|/r/wholesomegreentext
What is the dumbest thing someone told you as a “fact”?|Ladies don't have bladders. Only men.
What is your passion?|Cute redheads :)
If you could choose to be any animal, what would it be, and why?|17 year cicada. You sleep for 17 years, wake up and procreate to death.
Sexually active people of Reddit who are also descriptive story tellers, what is the kinkiest hottest thing that ever happened to you?|Please answer in the next 20 minutes or so, my mom will be home soon
How would you react if your workplace made the toilets unisex and also removed all the stall walls?|Quit. I deserve to be able to shit in privacy.
If you had to spend 10 Bitcoins till the midnight because at the midnight it would reach 0, what would you spend it for?|All in on ETH.
What's the best meal you can whip up for $30 or less?|Motherfuckin lobster with butter on the side. Hell yeah.
What flavor cereal needs to be a thing?|Breakfast food (eggs, toast, bacon)
Non-partisan/bias independents of Reddit, how do you feel about the Russia investigation ? What do you think might come from it ? Why?|I feel there may not be enough evidence to incriminate Trump directly on collusion-related charges (the big one being treason), but I feel Trump has done enough at this point to make a solid case for obstruction. There’s also the financial factor. I think Trump, either directly or by consequence, has financial ties to organized crime in Russia, or the Putin establishment itself. I don’t see how it’s even possible to do business with millionaires in Russia for 30 years without crossing some legal boundaries. So, no treason charges, no charges related to campaign collusion, but I think Mueller will find some financial crimes, or if all else fails, obstruction charges. I don’t think Republicans would get behind impeachment for obstruction charges alone. The party is beyond that at this point, as they’ve proven with their continued efforts to shut this investigation down.
What's the worst law you've ever broken? Did you get away with it?|Nice try officer.
What minor sport should be added to the olympics?|Poker.
Dentist's, what were some of your worst patients?|probs me. i showed up 6 years later to my childhood dentist, when i finally got my big boy job, requiring 9 fillings, a root canal, 4 wisdom teeth that needed to be removed, and didnt wear my retainer enough so all my teeth shifted. im so ashamed of myself lol
What would you want to be written on your tombstone?|Died as he lived, dead inside.
"What's your worst ""nice girl"" story?"|I was really into this Christian girl a few years ago. I started going to church, made chocolate fudge for her, she said I could do this and that to her... Oh man I was fucking mad lost in lust, she was just so tempting. Then she turned on me, and went all super rightcheous. God this, Jesus doesn't want me to do that. Honestly it was the first time I felt heart broken. I did a bunch of stuff for what was ultimately nothing. I was younger and stupid. I felt stupid. She was such an awesome human being, but her personal convictions made it impossible.
"What's a good alternative to ""I told you so"" , if you want to let a friend/colleague know they should have followed your advice ?"|All will be fine. Next time we will make this decision together.
Do you often overtime at work? What's the reason?|I do because I’m in sales. I’m never really off the clock. That’s why I get a salary plus commission.
What is the most common thing you day dream about?|Being the other gender
What are some signs you are a loser ?|Sprechen sie Deutsch baby?
What's your 10/10 album from an artist whose remaining catalogue sucks?|Metal Health by Quiet Riot
People of reddit how do you feel about guys wearing crop tops?|..the fuck?
If you could choose a food item that would best represent a musical genre of your choice, what would you choose?|Salted pork with modern pop music.
What is your oldest memory?|Landing in Germany when I was less than 1yr old
90s kids that are now parents, what values from your generation do you raise your children with?|Play outside
What would high-school be like to have Jesus as a person you know from high-school?|*What if god was one of us? Just a slob like all of us? Just a stranger on the bus, tryna make his way home...*
Girls, why are you so obsessed with Valentines Day and anniversaries after the first year?|I'm not.
What car do you wish you could have again?|In general I'd like today's safety and comfort without the goddam touch screen display.
What did people stopped caring about?|Human interaction. Most people I see are always on their phones
What is the most money you have ever made in a short time, and how?|Re-selling stuff online. I don't remember the exact sum but it was really huge.
what movie matches to your life?|Boogie Nights
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve followed without realizing for an embarrassingly long time?|That looks are the only thing that matters to girls. So I focused on looking good and had a shit personality
What is the best graduation gift?|Blow job for men.
What was your sexual experience with a hermaphrodite like?|I've never met a true intersex hermaphrodite and I don't know anyone who has.
What keeps you awake at night?|The cat, I swear to god Samwise I will peel you and wear you as a hat.
People born 1980-2000. What are some of the toys/technology you've seen 2001 and beyond that you would have wanted as a kid?|Smartphone
You get to pick anyone who has ever lived to do an AMA and all questions will be answered with complete honesty. Who do you pick and what do you ask?|Michael Jackson Question: Exactly what the hell happened to you when you started going nuts.
Why are you single?|I've no real urge to deal with the drama anymore.  Not mentally ready.  Not currently interested in anyone.  Also lazy af.
What are the best TED talks?|The two best Ted talks are Julissa Arce and Lizzie Velasquez both were very inspiring.
What kind of pokemon are you?|Snorlax
What is the toughest/strangest job interview question you've been asked?|Are you pregnant? - And I wasn't...
What’s your favorite word?|Aforementioned
What's your favorite song right now?|Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men
Which actor/actress can Hollywood do without?|Kevin Spacey
If you inherited $100,000, how would you use it?|Id buy bitcoin or ether right now. Then when it gets high enough from the rebound I would pay off my house.
Dead people of Reddit, how's the afterlife?|Well, gosh, that would certainly explain Trump (not to mention the code I'm charged with cleaning up). I'm dead, and this is Hell. Now I regret saying all those bad things about Wotan.
Do you care about what entertainers do in their personal lives? Why or why not?|Depends what they're doing.
What phrases did you start out saying ironically but ended up sticking?|"Swag. Whenever something went well, I started saying that instead of just ""cool"" or something else. People find it pretty funny now though so I just stick to it."
Sometimes you dislike a song at first, but after listening few more times you start liking it, why?|Some elements might feel weird or alien to you until you get used to them.
Girls, who is your fantasy crush?|Bob Ross
What is the worst possible scenario you can imagine yourself being in 5 minutes?|I guess there’s a possibility I’ll have a heart attack and die in the next 5 minutes
What old technology or gadget do you wish you could still use?|I'd love an old Commodore 64, but in new condition.
"What classic ""hero"" actor would you love to see in the role as villain?"|Robert Downey Jr
What are an interesting options to start your career if you have no experience and philology degree?|"Learn how to say ""Would you like fries with that?"" in a few languages."
What are the signs of a highly gifted person?|Every day, for roughly an hour, they'll stand stock-still and scream as the mind-rending truths flood them and overwhelm their senses with horrors beyond the comprehension of their peers.  Afterward, most of them enjoy a hard candy to soothe the throat.
People who have been to Finland, why are you lying to us?|I live in Finland, and i can confirm, there are no foreigners here. ^^^/s
Who did you idolize until you actually met them?|Everyone on Tinder, ever.
What’s the longest you’ve held onto a job?|4 years - USCG
What tastes awful when you're high?|Wife’s feet that’s been in wool socks all day
If the world was going to end the day after you die, how would you change your life?|I wouldn't waste so much time recycling.
People of Reddit, what physical feature do you look at first when you meet someone for the first time?|Probably their face.
Barring democracy, what is your preferred system of government?|I'm a monarchist anyway, so a monarchy
People of Reddit, which cardinal direction do you face while sitting at your computer?|I face east.
What's the best case of street justice you've seen?|Street justice doesn't operate under the gravity of evidence and I don't believe in it. A lot of times it's just vindictive people hurting others for saying mean things or having opposing opinions - that's not acceptable.
Which historic celebrity's career was ruined by controversy/scandal in the past that would hardly even be noticed today?|Any person who came out as gay.
Redditors which do you prefer? Poop then shower, or shower then poop? Why?|What kind of fucking animal showers and then poops?
what's the best sub-reddit for funny videos?|/r/youtubehaiku probably
To those who have actually seen John Cena, can you describe his form?|Final.
People who don't live in the United States, what are things you find weird about us Americans?|The size of your prison population. It's the largest of any civilization in history.
What is a gametag that is definitely still available?|H3LpMyA$$is0nF1re
What is one thing that you regret not doing, and also know that you won't ever do it either?|Eating my ex’s ass
What topic has a lot of good material to write about?|The Roman empire.
Young Adults of Reddit, how did you meet your partner?|High school. Needed a first time booty call, ended up being the only girl I'd ever sleep with. 10 years later...
What did a date do that guaranteed there WOULD be a second date?|It. Specifically in the butt.
"You say ""ok it was nice talking to you but I gotta run"" looking to end the conversation, but they still keep talking, almost as if they were daring you to rudely interject. What do you do?"|Usually I look at my phone/watch and slightly more forcefully say ”I’m sorry but I *really* have to go. Can we continue this some other time?”
People that go heavy on the cologne or perfume, why?|After a while of using it your nose gets used to the smell and you cant smell it,  you just keep putting it on til you get the smell, more and more over time
What is the Biggest Lie your Parents Told You?|That a fat, bearded man watched me, taking notes of all the good and bad things I did, weighing them up amd judging me. Then, once a year, providing I met his requirements of good deeds, this fat man would break into my home via the chimney amd leave presents around the house for me.  When they told me Santa Claus was fake, I never trusted those two cunts again.
What does your bookmarks bar look like?|A bunch of shit I never use.
What was one AskReddit thread that you just couldn't think of an answer for?|"""Why doesn't Donald Trump unhinge his jaw to let the massive floodgates deal with the North Korea problem?"" I had no idea how to interpret this...but it was just so fascinating.  I wish it wasn't removed."
How is life going right now?|A bit frustrating and stressful. We’re moving back to Cali in a couple of months after living in Vegas for 11yrs.
What weird thing do you and your SO do?|Pop each others toes.
What is the first thing you would do in a post-apocalyptic world?|Dig a hole
Reddit, when's the last time you had a good cry?|At the end of Disney Pixar's Coco.
What's the most money you've made in a day and how did you do it?|$12,000 from inheritance. My dad died from cancer last year when I was 23. It was one of the hardest things in my life. Definitely not worth the money.
Stalkers of Reddit - what are your favorite tools you use to stalk people these days?|Not a stalker but the amount of personal stuff people put on Facebook is horrendous
What traumatized you as a child?|Redeads from Ocarina of Time. The shrieking, and the moaning, and the bad touch.
What's the stupidest thing you have done at the gym that you regretted afterward?|Showed up to the gym
What’s the web site you think everyone should know about?|Reddit.com
What's the most horrible/mean/insulting thing your parent has ever said to you?|I should’ve aborted you when I had the chance
What's most relieving after a stressful day?|Sniffing my wife’s britches atop the hamper
What question is the worst one to receive an anecdotal answer to?|"""Am I dying?"" ""Lemme tell you about this guy who was dying once.. He died"""
What’s your most embarrassing sex story?|Her mom walked in to the living room and said, “Whatever you two aren’t doing the dog wants to watch.” It was the middle of the night and that girl was ready to go again. I was not at all...
What are some tips for someone starting college that knows very little about college?|You will be in 3 states, sometimes simultaneously, 1. Drunk or 2. Hungover or 3. Studying. You will not have time for much else.
People who constantly honk when stuck in a traffic jam. What do you hope to achieve by doing this?|Trying to start a jam session
What’s your favorite song that’s over 6 minutes long?|Free Bird
Whose looks are overrated, but you still find very attractive?|Kylie Jenner
How attractive, physically and personality wise, are you to the opposite/same/whatever gender?|I'd give myself a 6 out of 10 physically and a 8.5 out of 10 personality wise, because I'm pretty awesome.
What's a random piece of trivia you know ?|If you cut Everest off at sea level and threw it in the challenger deep, there'd still be over a mile of water on top of it.
"Do ""pretty boys"" grow up to be metrosexuals? Why or why not?"|Do i qualify as a pretty boy? (✿◠‿◠)
What information can't you learn from the internet?|First-hand experiental
Shitheads of reddit, What crime have you done that were never caught for?|Graffiti
Programmers, what are the strangest function names you have come across?|C has some very strange function names.
What’s some that, because it happens in movies, will never happen in real life?|Rape, Teleportation, Drug Use, Narnia, Going to heaven, Going to Hell, Immortality...The list is endless.
What is the weirdest thing you've found in a family member's bedroom?|a gravestone with my name on it
If you could only see one color for the rest of your life, what color would you choose?|red
Whatever happened to Hannah Montana?|Miley Cyrus. She's doing fine.
What are the most commonly skipped over parts of the house when cleaning?|"Behind the ears
jk under bathroom mats."
People who live next to grave yards, have you witnessed anything paranormal?|No.  The only thing I saw was a hunched over man steal the brain of a person named Abby Normal.
What things you would watch ONLY if Morgan Freeman narrated?|Porn
What is the most embarrassing thing to happen to you or someone you know?|"My friend and I were trail riding with our horses and we took a break to eat lunch. 
As she put her foot back into her stirrup and pushed off to mount -whamo- 
She violently shit her pants.  That was a LONG 2 hour ride home on the horses."
What was the best Super Bowl commercial of all time?|"DO YOU WANT TO EAT ME?
M&MS"
What was your worst revenge attempt that backfired miserably?|giving my ex a piece of my mind after a break up. yeah... Turns out that just makes things even worse
[NSFW] Librarians, what is the raunchiest thing you have caught people/students doing?|*unzips and waits*
What’s something you regret when thinking back on your twenties?|I’m currently in my 20’s and I regret nothing.
What type of software updates will Tesla send the roadster orbiting the sun?|None at all?, i dont think the tesla will even be functional out there
Those who attended Trump University, was it worth attending, why or why not?|"Worst experience of my life. They built a wall right in the middle of the god damn university and all the Mexican students would have to attend classes on one side of the wall and the rest of us were on the other side of the wall. Also there were ""White only"" water fountains for some reason"
People who have accidentally kissed/made out with a transexual person, how'd that happen and what was your reaction when finding out?|What a dumb fuckin question lol
Who is your favorite unconventional beauty crush?|Adele
You can now only microwave things for exactly as long as the current time. (ie: 1:00pm = 1 minute, 4:32am = 4 minutes, 32 seconds.) How does your life change?|Ill just microwave my food more than once if needed, so it doesnt change anything
Coffee baristas who work at Starbucks: Do you expect tips?|I worked at starbucks part time some years back. I often worked alone and I never expected tips. It was a minimum wage job I expected to not make any money
What's your favorite Disney movie?|Robin Hood
People who have woken up from a coma: did you feel well rested when you woke up? Did it feel like you’d been sleeping or can you remember having conscious thoughts?|I was in coma for 2 weeks. I had strange nightmares all the time and when i woke it was like a bad night.
Criminals of Reddit, what's the most expensive thing you've stolen?|"Guy I knew was being a douche, so I left his place... and on their lawn was some N64 game.  On their lawn mind you.  Why was it there, I haven't the faintest, but, well, I took it.   The game worked actually, even if it had that weird rattle some cartridge games developed as they aged, so I probably saved it from being destroyed by the sprinklers.  Some might call me a hero for it really.  Forget *which* game it was, but it was when the system was  almost current- I think the gamecube had just come out driving the prices down a bit, and the used games often ran, what, 20ish bucks? Master criminal here, better watch out.  
Edit:  Jet force Gemini was the game I think, a pretty good one too."
People who work at mental asylums, what is the most bizarre thing you have ever witnessed?|Not a mental asylum, but I work closely with Democrats.
How do you envision yourself through the eyes of other people?|Religiously
Reddit, what's your real life situational comedy moment?|Driving around town, attempting to meet up with friends and family who are driving around town attempting to meet up with me.
What's your worst contractor experience?|We hired this Russian dude to fix up our place to sell it. Nothing big but it needed a few things. He dragged his feet so hard. My mom fed him and everything and he worked about ten days longer than needed. The thing that really got me was that he was gonna out those heat activated mouldings around the walls cause we wanted them as cheap as possible. He stole my hair dryer from the bathroom to do it. Got glue all over it and ruined it and also did a shit job. glue was everywhere. Once we finally got rid of him (I was a teenager btw), and we started packing and moving away, we realized that he never moved my bed away to out those mouldings in and instead ended at one side of the bed and started on the other
I’m nearing my 24th year of life, but feel like I’ve lived a lifetime, why is life so long?|HA! You just wait until you hit your 40s or so. First, the second hand on the clock will start spinning so fast you can't see it any more, and then as you get older the minute hand and then the hour hand will speed up as well. And by the time you hit your 60s, you're going to be wondering why life is so damn short. Youth is wasted on the young....
With Elon launching a Tesla into space soon, what other 'easter eggs' have been included in previous space missions?|It's not a `space mission', it's a publicity stunt.
Redditors, where did you eat the best taco you have ever had?|Taco Bell
What are the signs of somebody having ulterior motives?|Ehm, if they are good there are none. :p
"Imagine a sub dedicated to celebrating the female butt. Not the typical celebration of only ""good"" butts, but all butts. From small to huge , from firm to flabby, from fat to flat. IMO, every butt is a good butt. Would you visit it? Why/why not?"|I ain't taking that risk, fam. I'd rather look at the ass of a man who squats a lot than the ass of a 400lb woman. No homo
Proctologists of Reddit, what are some of your more interesting stories about patients?|Patience is a virtue
People who post sexual questions on askreddit, when was the last time you got laid?|Ask your mother.
What moment made you question your sibling's sanity?|He just sat in my closet at night time. He'd be in there for like half an hour. I would fake sleep and just wait for him to leave.
Someone watch the launch of falcon now? What do you think would go worng or not?|First of all, I don't think SpaceX knows what planning and timing is, 1/10 for how to time. To be honest, with this mamy delays, if anything does go wrong, congrats...
Why do we sometimes feel proud when talking about other people's (say, friends, relatives, colleagues) merits and/or success, even if we have nothing to do with that?|You feel proud on their behalf, and that's a good thing :)
Do you want to be resuscitated on your death bed? Why or why not?|Depends how old I am.  After 70 - probs not.
What is a Lesser Known/Underrated Song Performed by a Popular Artist/Band?|"""King OfThe Dead"" by Cirith Ungol"
TSA workers of Reddit-what are some of the most innocent/accidental things that resulted in searches or other consequences?|What's the TSA?
Americans of Reddit, what do you know/think about Canada?|I have much love for our polite northern neighbors and think it's a beautiful country
ESL teachers: what are some of the essential differences you have to get across to your students? What are some of their most common difficulties with the language?|"Your two questions have the same answer:  It depends on several factors. 1.  The first language of the student.  Similarities between the first language and the target language (English) can aid in comprehension.  Differences may be a source of trouble.  
2.  Skill sets of students.  Some students may lack skills needed to learn a new language, such as decoding.  Therefore, some students need to be explicitly taught these skills in order to be successful, while others do not.  
3.  Cultural background.  Language function differs greatly in all languages, and does not always correspond to what is literally said.  For example, I could either be apologizing, or asking for information, or asking you to repeat yourself, or asking you to move out of my way by uttering the phrase ""I'm sorry"", depending on the context.  However, in other cultures/languages, this phrase, once translated, may not make sense in all of those contexts. Hope that helps!"
What crazy Olympic event would you want to see, with the exception that you are in it, representing your home country?|Potato sack race
After you hear someone say, “what’s with all the magnets”, what happened next?|Every surface - well, every ferromagnetic surface - was covered.  Completely covered.  It was those alphabet magnets, the smallest ones they make. The detective, surveying the bloodied and devastated living room asked the question in an offhand way.  More as a joke than a real question but - and this is the important part - he *asked*. That invited **it**, or what was left of it, at any rate.  It followed the detective.  It learned the detective.  It left little signs - a door that took just a little more pull than usual, spoons somehow sticking together - but, as it got more and more agitated, it became more... assertive.  Waking up one morning, the detective found his fridge bare, faded vacation souvenirs and kids' artwork (not that he'd seen them for years, damn that harpy) scattered on the floor. He didn't notice, didn't see the scratches in the white paint - 'c me'. It got worse.  Keys vanishing unnaturally deep under the radiator, knives all but launched from their hanging strips, revolving doors going into a nightmare spin as he entered.  Still, he failed to see. Eventually, he went to the hardware store, intent on fixing what were surely failures of his home. He never left.
How different would you life be today if you were more confident and a risk-taker?|I would be bathing in diamonds and dropping rap videos every month
People in marketing/advertising, after seeing the Tide Superbowl commercial how did it make you feel about your art?|"As someone who works in marketing for retail and some social media stuff...it was the most brilliant ad campaign I've seen in a long time and I loved it.  I hate the campaigns like ""dilly dilly"" because they are just repeating a phrase that isn't funny, but Tide nailed it with this one.  You guys were probably so focused on reading my comment that you didn't even realize how clean your shirt was.  This is a Tide ad."
What is a small habit you have which is extremely convenient?|I have a habit (almost OCD like) to always check my pockets for keys, wallet and cell phone before leaving a place, train, bus, my home etc. Not losing any of that stuff is super convenient.
"What is the best sentence you can make using only ""fuck"" and as few other words as possible?"|Fuck you, you fucking fuck.
Parents of convicted pedophiles, what were they like as children themselves?|Are pedophiles still a thing?
What do you think happened to the SpaceX Falcon main core?|Probably got wet.
You can commit one crime, absolutely no consequences. What would you do?|Steal a lot of money
What is something that if ruined can never be fixed?|A dream.
People who take the adjacent urinal/stall when you have the option not to, why?|I want to look at your dick, that's why
What’s the worst sound you’ve ever heard?|A rabbit scream
What's your favorite font?|verdana masterrace
Tourists of Reddit what’s your travel horror story?|Accidentally took my girlfriend’s Klonopin when I thought it was my thyroid medicine. I was completely doped out of my mind and trying to navigate the airport, the flight, customs, the taxi, etc. It was awful. I ended up having a panic attack once we got to the hotel it was such a prolonged nightmare.
[NSFW] What's the worst place to be caught with your pants down?|Next to the horny barbed-wire monster.
What is the libertarian solution to contracts of adhesion, particularly those which no layperson of ordinary skill could be expected to parse?|Have you ever talked with a libertarian?   The answer is the market will figure it out.
"What occupation(s) are projected to ""boom"" in the near future?"|Envoy
What alcoholic drink will you never touch again and why?|Gin, never had a bad experience or anything I just hate it.
What's your biggest gift that is also a curse?|I very rarely care about others.
What's your wildest elementary school memory?|When Jeff knocked me off the monkey bars and I broke both my arms. Fucking Jeff.
90s kids, what is the most 90s sentence you can say about yourself?|I once bought a Gameboy Camera using Koolaid points.
Have you ever felt wrong for doing the right thing? What was it and why did it feel wrong?|it felt wrong because maybe it would either hurt someones feelings or it might cause people to dislike you. pretend you tell the truth to a teacher and some people dont like that you did that, it might ruin your friendship so most of the rime you have to lie.
Where were you when the Falcon Heavy rocket launched for the first time?|Sitting at my kitchen table
What is your biggest accomplishment?|Pulling (with support) myself out of the rhetorical gutter more than 3 years ago. Fellow depressed Redditors, it can be done.
What is your most emotional videogame moment?|Aerith dying when I was a kid.  I LEVELED HER JUST SO SHE COULD DIE ON ME.
Which celebrity seems like a good person to go to for advice?|Mike Rowe
What is a common courtesy that is not all that common?|"Saying, ""I would like"" or ""Can I get"" instead of ""I'll have"" when ordering from someone.  Saying please and thank you when waiters refill your water.  Putting the divider down on the conveyor belt at the grocery store when the person behind you can't reach it so they can start loading their groceries without waiting. When in a right-hand lane and going straight, move up to to the front as far as you can if it will allow people who are turning right to turn right without having to wait for you to go."
What industries will be fucked by 2050?|Wal-Mart.
What made you get out of bed today?|Still in bed!
What are the worst food brands that label themselves as “healthy” in America?|Iron kids bread
Which city would you wipe off the map?|Inb4 Dubai
What is the point of being circumcised?|Pretty sure it was a religious thing
At what age were you the most physically attractive in your life?|I was the first girl in middle school to get boobs. I may not have been objectively attractive but all the boys in my grade saw boobs and were hypnotized.
Who was the “musician” of your high school, and where are they now?|It was me, and I’m in the Army now.  Did get a degree in music performance before I joined though.  I still love to play, its just tough to make a living by only performing
"What are some quality NC-17 or ""X"" rated movies?"|Kids
Similar to the amount of combinations of a shuffled deck of cards, what other incomprehensible facts are there?|"The amazingness of Reddit is an enormity nobody knows the size of.
Such a wholesome community :D"
Men of Reddit, have you ever walked into a strip club and saw your daughter dancing on stage? What did you do?|My daughter is 5 so I'd be concerned....
What's a relatively pointless superpower that you'd love to have?|China
Is there a thing that you are still afraid of from your childhood? If so what is it?|Drains in pools.
What wouldn't you eat for $1,000,000?|$2,000,000 I guess.
Redditors who decided to drop their low-paying passion for a line of work where there's better money, where did you come from and where did you go?|Cotton eye joe?
What's your Craigslist story?|I got a movie role
If you could go back in time to one moment in your life and continue to live your life from that point forward, at what point in your life would you choose?|Just before birth, so I can hang myself in my mum's uterus
Have you ever run away from home as a child/teenager? How did it go?|Great till i realized i was afraid of the dark and hungry.
What are you no longer afraid of?|Losing my job. I've saved enough and I'm at the age that it wouldn't devastate me.
What is your experience with the Mandela Effect?|When two or more events hold equal statistical probability of occurring, Universal mitosis occurs.  Everything that can happen, happens.
People with a story but no askreddit thread to share it on, what is the story?|My dad has been stealing my clothes since I was a child so that he could wear them. Insists that’s as far as the creepy factor goes, but I’m not too sure.
What are some screwed up stories about your family?|THERE ARE SO MANY.
What screams 'don't fuck with me'?|HIV
What made you promote your friend to best friend?|She inserted herself in to my life and wouldnt go away.  In the sweetest, most innocent way.  I just gave up.  Lol.
What irrational pet peeve do you have?|People that say figger instead of figure.
Redditors who've had an insecure SO, how did you deal with it?|"I've had three, and they never worked out. No matter how much love I poured in, it was never enough. There was never a point where the light switch went on and they realized, ""Oh, hey, this guy isn't just pretending, he actually likes me."" It was never ending, and eventually I couldn't stay."
What are some really interesting documentaries that most people might not know about?|Adam Curtis films?
What random things have you mixed together to see what happens?|Drugs, obviously.
In my city, streets run north and south, avenues east and west. What's the rule in yours?|snitches get stitches
What are your best classical conditioning stories?|My girlfriend and I were long distance for a while and she had her own text notification on my phone. Many dozens of dirty pictures and texts later, I'd get half a chub just hearing her text notification.
If money wasn't an issue what would your job/career be?|I wouldnt have one
"What are some great examples of ""the internet never forgets""?"|That Star Wars kid?
How do you picture numbers in your mind?|Big, heavy and floating in front of me
People of Reddit, If you died right now what would your eulogy say?|How the fuck should i know, i'm dead.
What’s an unexpected thing about you that no one would guess by looking at you?|that I'm actually 19 and not 13
In Which Ways Has Internet Changed Us?|Socially
Online gamers of Reddit, what was the funniest insult you have ever received?|"I find it funny when people call me a ""tryhard"" or a ""nerd"" in cs:go. Like i don't get it, how are those bad things?"
What’s one story from your life that you love to tell?|I accidentally my life.
Could you date someone who you find initially physically ugly but literally everything else is perfect(personality, attitude, job, lifestyle etc.), why or why not?|yeah - i'm blind
What myth did you wish was true?|Atlantis.  Ever since I was a little kid, I had a thing for forgotten advanced civilizations.
What is the 2nd thing on your Bucket list?|"Not a bucket list but your mom is on my ""Fuck it"" list. 😩"
What is a dream you've had that you wanted to be reality?|I always have these dreams that my house has hidden rooms that I forgot about or didn't know about until now. Then I get to explore them.  Almost like a lair hidden behind a bookcase.  I have no idea why, but I've dreamt that since I was a little kid.
What story about the elderly using technology makes you cringe the most?|Anytime someone downloads free ram
Who is your favorite WWE superstar and why?|CAN YOU SMELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL but seriously, nobody will ever top the Rock
What’s a bad habit that you’re trying to quit?|"Answering stupid questions on ask reddit like ""if a duck ducked a moo would the moo be a duck quack?"""
People of Reddit, what are you looking forward to?|The sun.
What is the most immature thing you still do?|"Every time I see a pregnant woman I quickly think ""she had sex hehe"" Edit: before I get roasted. Yes I understand not every person who is pregnant necessarily had sex but just where my mind goes."
reddit, what's the pettiest thing you hate about yourself?|I go full meta by hating my own hatred.
What is an incredibly important invention that gets overlooked now a days?|Bread knife
Eminem fans of Reddit, what do you think of Revival?|It sucked.
What do you have a collection of?|Regrets.
What's the craziest meltdown you've witnessed in public?|Saw a mother with her kid get caught shoplifting was very entertaining
What questions should you ask when meeting an idol?|"""What's your name?"""
What's the worst scenario after you die: find out you're going to hell for eternity or discover there is no afterlife and you become nothingness?|Hell.
What was something you knew about that the general public wouldn't find out for a long time?|That moving hydrocodone combination drugs from CIII to CII would cause an opioid crisis.
People who started with nothing but later became successful, what's your story?|Chalk on a blackboard.
What's the hardest you've ever worked to be lazy?|Made a drink holder for my Xbox controller. It didn't even end up working, it just spilled all of my monster on my crotch because I didn't secure the can well enough
What are the best/worst hive mind moments on the internet?|A good example of a shitty one, The Reddit Boston Bomber scandal.
How did that person or place earn its nickname?|There's a city in Louisiana and one of the main roads that runs through town is called Harrison Rd. (I believe, I can't quite remember). But because there's a dog pound on it, it's referred to as dogpound road. And this isn't just some locals only deal; for instance, if you call the Walgreens or the 7-11 or another business on that road, the automatic recording will reference it as the location on Dogpound road. It's weird.
What is something you do to cheer up a friend in need?|Whatever they wanna do.
If you grew up in the 1800s what's something you'd be nostalgic about?|That time I had pinworms.
"The theme at pub trivia tonight is the Die Hard movies, what's a ""punny"" Die Hard inspired team name?"|The Ho Ho Hos
What is your business idea that you want to share with reddit?|"It's basically prostitution but instead of renting the woman for your own sexual pleasure, she is a trained proffesional who teaches you how to be better in bed. I call it ""Sex Ed"" EDIT: Forgot a word."
What was the most expensive thing you’ve ever broken?|my uncle's laptop, back in the early 90's, when I spilled a glass of water on it. I ran away and he blamed it on the dog. sorry Daisy, but I wasn't going down for wrecking a computer that cost thousands.
Redditors who had lost hard drives or large amount of important digital files, how did you cope with it?|Let go. Start working with what you've got. The only difference between a victim and a hero is how they choose to react to adversity. Nobody chooses the events that happen to them in life, but all of us choose how we react to it.
How did you spend your day?|Grafted
What's the biggest mistake you have made in your life?|Letting her go.
What's the best desktop background you've seen?|Check out digitalblasphemy.com . Ryan Bliss is an excellent artist.
What are the few songs in your playlist you always skip?|The songs I skip don't make it into my playlist
What's a great activity to take up if you want to break a routine, habit or addiction?|Not speaking from experience but I've heard if you take up heroin, all your other problems will disappear.
Why haven't you seen Star Wars?|I only watched A New Hope, I don't have the time to catch up watching the rest of the Star Wars movies.
What's the worst thing you've found online after Googling yourself, a friend, or potential employee?|I found out my childhood best friend tried to murder his father with a hammer a couple years ago. He's in a mental institution now.
What was the scariest thing you have seen?|When I was about 6 or 7, I was on a family holiday somewhere in Devon (in the UK). I saw my younger sister, probably about 2 or 3, swallow a sweet whole by accident and she started choking. I froze and watched as she coughed and spluttered, but luckily my mum was right near her and was able to force it out. I'm 28 now and I'll never forget that.
What are some of the dumbest questions you can think of?|A girl asked me if you can get double pregnant if you have sex while you’re pregnant. Aka, is this how twins happen? I didn’t reply.
You have permission to claim any structure on Earth as your personal residence. Which structure would you choose?|The Contemporary.
What subreddit could you literally waste hours in?|This one
Ladies of reddit what goes through your mind when you see a guy with sixpacks , fit body and nice dimples?|"""He is probably stupid."" but it is a Very nice view ;)"
You just got told you have 24 hours to live, what is the first thing you do?|Move the wedding up
How do you see yourself in a year?|same job, maybe in a house instead of an apartment, and hopefully about 10-20 pounds skinnier.
Who would you turn gay for?|I'd fuck anyone Taylor Swift ordered me to
What's was the first concert you attended like?|it was the Grateful Dead on 8/24/71. it was great...it was the first time i'd ever been in a whole venue of people as freaky as me, it was loud and encompassing as all hell, and when they turned the mirror ball on i think i died and went to heaven.
If you could do what you can't, but couldn't do it if you could, what could you do?|Buy me a dog right now
What is your scariest haunted house experience?|"My mom had a friend that did this crazy haunted house out of her garage. It was so damn scary but she still told the ""monsters"" to be extra scary when we walked through. The ""monsters"" really got in our face and one of them grabbed my mom's ankle which made her scream and pee her pants. It scared me seeing the person who was supposed to keep me safe so freaked out. Luckily my brother and I got some much needed comic relief afterwards, we had to go back home so my mom could change."
What cool technological innovation most people are unaware of?|WordLens  Translates languages in real time through your smartphone camera. It actually replaces the translated text onto the image too. First time I saw it it felt like a Star Trek style technology. I couldn’t believe we have this already.
What does make you feel loved everyday?|My cat wakes me up, purring.
What is your favourite animal? Why?|Pigs. Bacon, pork chops, pork belly and pork rinds. All this magical meat from one animal. All please the bakon
Once added to a dish, what’s an ingredient that renders a meal inedible for you?|Cilantro
What’s the best (and/or strangest) life advice you’ve every received?|Not every opportunity is a good opportunity.
What’s fashionable right now, but not practical?|Skinny jeans for grown ass men
Aside from death, what is the most horrifying fictional fate you ever came across?|White Christmas - the Black Mirror episode
What leading company has the biggest gap between the 2nd leading company?|WWE.
If you could spend 1 minute on the internet of 2030, what would you search for/do?|"I'd Google ""Top performing stocks of"" 2018-2029, getting through as many of those years as possible."
People who love their bosses, why?|He buys me a lot of beer and whiskey
"What's a ""little thing"" in your life that you enjoy?"|Your penis.
Literature enthusiasts of Reddit. What’s your favourite novel of all time and why?|Probably Lord of the Rings just because of how epic it is
What knock-off is better than the original?|Brendan Fraser's version of the mummy. Then Tom Cruise did a shitty version and we csme full circle.
Hi people of Reddit, what productive thing have you done today?|Insurance paperwork
If you had to learn a common trade from 200 years ago, what would you learn to do?|Printing foreman. Running my own printing press sounds fancy.
What is the most outrageous claim you heard someone make while fully believing the thing they were saying?|To claim that the moon landings were faked is, imo, pretty outrageous.
Enough of the scary stories: people who spend time in nature, what beautiful, otherworldly things have you seen?|One day, while I was walking my paper route, a fox appeared out of nowhere, 5 feet in front of me, and just sat there.
What’s something that happens regularly to you that you’re not sure it should be happening?|Mini seizures before I fall asleep.
How does your own personal, conceptual, and visual memory work?|dunno
What keeps you going? what gets you out of bed in the morning, what is that driving force in your life?|I've given up on finding happiness and I have found that the only thing that drives me to contribute to the world is a desire to make things better for others. Maybe I'm not doing a great job of it but I try at least.
If it was discovered that all inanimate objects in the world actually have emotions, what would you feel the worst for?|All the times I sat my ass down in my chair and farted on it.
What are some actual tasty things you can do with raisins?|Ants on a log.
What's your opinion on a straight guy getting a manicure/pedicure?|Good for him, I don't know what his sexuality has to do with it though.
There's generation X, generation Y (millennials), and now, generation Z. What do we call the next generation?|Fucked?
What's the best drunk text you've ever sent/received?|U up?
What stereotype about your state/country do you want to clear up?|Canada. No maple syrup does not run through our veins, we are not technically born with hockey skates on and owning polar bears is not a right its a privilege
What exactly are your perimeters for a sandwich?|"about 3/4"" beyond the crust."
What're some good interview tips?|"1. Come prepared to ask questions.
2. If they ask you something along the lines of, ""What's the most important skill you can bring to this role?"" or ""What do you think is the most important skill to have for this job?"" then make sure one of *your* questions when it comes your turn is to ask *them* what *they* think is the most important skill/talent/etc. for that role. Then, when they give you their answer, subtly figure out a way to state how you also have that skill."
What is the best you can describe how the color green looks to you?|It's like any other color, but not.
What still puzzles you to this day?|"Why I see out of my own eyes and control my muscles. Like we're all just a bunch of atoms in different arrangements and electrical signals and shiz, why can ""I"" see first person and cause movement in ""my"" body but not someone else's."
What do you have too much of?|Anger
Which is the sexist animal?|Hawk.
With valentines day coming up; what is your worst or most pitiful v-day experience?|Had a girl pass out mid BJ. She was a little drunk and just feel asleep. Was both sad and funny.
What are your thoughts on a Tesla orbiting Mars for thousands of years?|It won't.
If you could mix and match parts and traits of celebrities to create your perfect significant other, what would they be composed of?|Ana de Armas' physical appearance and voice. Dave Grohl, Johnny Knoxville and Jim Carrey's personality.
What is the strangest thing you have found in your house?|In my first apartment I found a gelatin capsule full of a brown powder which I believe was heroin. I figured it was drugs so I just flushed it.
What made you start giving a fuck?|I'm Ice T and i care now.
When you feel a cold coming on what's your go to medicine/foods/routines to fend it off?|I chug an entire carton of orange juice.
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done that keeps you up at night?|Why would doing something embarrassing keep you up at night? There's no use dwelling on shit like that. Doesn't do any good at all.
People who were bad at math in school, what do you do for work now?|Practice law. Multiplication is limited to 33%.
People who drive around with the losing presidential candidates sticker on their car, why do you keep it?|May have been the loosing side, still not convinced it was the wrong side
How do you think Game of Thrones will end?|With thunderous applause.
What took way longer than you thought it would?|Growing up
What's the hardest class you've ever taken?|Compiler Writing.  It was the final class of my computer science BS and I thought the only way I'd use anything from it was if I got a PhD  and a job at creating new code compilers or interpreters. We paired off and slowly wrote a compiler for a language created at Stanford for just this purpose. So many useful concepts that I use anytime I write code.
Which fictional relationship have you been way too invested in?|Jim and Pam, because I'm a secret sap.
What's your favorite book (that you've never read)?|Infinite Jest.
How has having a low S.A.T score affected you?|IN NO WAY WHATSOEVER
What is a must-have gadget?|My plumbus
Students of Reddit: What are some small everyday problems/inconveniences that you face?|Meal prepping in a dorm room and not having a kitchen accessible.
What experience changed you?|Watching my mom die of a heart attack. It made me try to take better care of my health and forced me to be less shy. I had to grow up very quickly at 17
What conspiracies intrigue you the most?|Conspiracy that apparently we are all a simulation
Whats the reason you start listening to a new artist?|They have good music??
What fictional death made you the saddest?|The death of Ned Stark.  *RIP Ned you was a real one
What is something you can’t believe humans haven’t invented yet?|Plumbus
What celebrity is basically a walking paradox ?|Emma Watson  Preaches female empowerment then turns around and fucks Harvey Weinstein
who else hates this sub question phrasing?|Be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
What was the best thing from your childhood ?|Eating dirt
What's the cringiest, or most amazing, thing that your facebook time hop reminded you of?|Back in my “emo phase” I used to write poetry about how hard my life was and how my love is so strong and pure for the dude who took my virginity. Facebook will NOT let me forget ... 😂
With the launch of Falcon Heavy and Elon's car, will we ever be able to photograph it from Earth? How viable are the camera's installed?|Probably not - even Hubble cannot image the lunar landers, and the moon is only about 238,900 mi from earth, on average.
What about people is much more common than you think?|They don’t care about anyone but themselves.
With The Simpsons correctly predicting things like President Trump and Disney buying the Star Wars franchise, which things from Futurama do you think will come true?|Suicide Booths.
Who's a great actor who mostly plays terrible roles?|ben kingsley
"What's your biggest ""thank god I didn't do that"" moment?"|Filming a dead body and uploading it to YouTube
NSFW You go back to the past just before you had sex for the first time. What's your advice to yourself?|wrong hole man
If you could tombstone one person in history, who would it be?|Ghandi.
What simple everyday task suddenly becomes the loudest thing on Earth when you try to do it at 3am in a sleeping household?|Closing a door.
If all you had was a hatchet, where would the scariest place in the world be?|The depths of the ocean. Cant swing a hatchet real fast under water
What is the saddest scene in a comedy you have ever seen?|About 75% of Bojack Horseman
What's the worst decision you've ever made?|There are wayyyyy too many to many to count.
You are starting a secret society, what is the mission statement?|World domination, and making my enemies eat dirt
Reddit, Hot or cold and why?|Cold. You can always put on more layers.
What's the weirdest thing you've seen happening in a public restroom?|Walked into ladies room. Woman standing in stall, stall not closed. Woman is bent over with naked butt facing me. Did not stick around to see what happened next.
What famous quotes would be funnier if they were cut off halfway through?|"For example: ""You may say that I'm a dreamer, but I'm not."" -John Lennon"
What is the most clever plot twist of all time?|Vader being Luke's dad is a pretty good one.
What is your favorite condom (brand and type) and why?|Magnum for my magnum dong
Former addicts of Reddit, how did you get into doing drugs? What made you quit?|Drugs?  I am an addict of Reddit.  I can't stop commenting.
People of Reddit who stop to stare at an accident on the other side of the highway, why?|Most of the time it's because everyone around me has slowed down, and I might as well look while I'm waiting for them to speed up again.
Ex-employees and ex-managers of Blockbuster who witnessed the downfall of the industry, what was the experience like when your store began to go under?|"Sorry, not a former employee, but I remember about a month before the Blockbuster in my town shut down they were having ""parties"" at the store to attract customers. Like, viewing parties? They were playing new releases and making popcorn. My friend worked there at the time and said it was sooo awkward and no one showed up."
What are people’s makeshift acne treatments that surprisingly worked?|A friend of mine had bad acne.  What I think caused it for him was when he would sleep he would get oily and sweaty.  The Doctor told him to sleep on a fresh towel over his pillowcase.  It wasn't a silver bullet, but it did help.
"People always say ""I paid good money for that"" what would be a situation that you would say ""I paid bad money for that""?"|If I murdered someone, took their wallet and then used the money in the wallet to purchase something. That would be bad money.
What do you daydream about?|Becoming a great, inspiring, impactful actor and artist.
What sub will help someone brainstorm a tattoo design?|Not sure there is one, but you’d be better off asking this question over at r/findareddit
What do you say when you answer the phone?|"""Hello"" or ""Hello this is VermillionSoul."""
Approximately how much money have you wasted throughout your entire life so far?|About 100k (compulsive gambler). Currently 8 weeks clean though and doing well. Makes me sick knowing that I could have travelled or done anything spending it on actual things, but no use dwelling on the past.
Men, why do you fantasize about having your dick sucked by a beautiful woman?|Its all about the eyes. IMO
What is the best lie you’ve ever told?|I'll do it tomorrow.
What common human behaviour do you find the strangest?|People who unwittingly keep their mouth open all the time
What is something you have not/will not tell your children?|How many times I jerked off before creating them.
Reddit, what would you talk about with an acquaintance for eight hours?|Just blather on about anything and everything and not even remember how the conversation started.
How do you cope with losing somebody close to you?|Alcohol
Woman's of Reddit, what is the sexiest thing a guy has done?|Woman's
How much could someone learn about you simply from going through your phone?|Including access to my accounts, a lot!
Why does it seem that everyone in the US has an iPhone?|Because android users don't shove their new devices in your face every 20 minutes.
What is the best catch you have ever seen someone make outside of a sporting context?|I'm getting married soon so there's that.
which artists have the most fucked up backstories behind their work?|Roman Polanski
Are popstars human? Why does Ariana Grande never sweat while dancing + singing in the middle of summer?|she has 10 pounds of makeup on, and it blocks her pores from sweating
"People who still have ""Sent from _______ Phone"" on their emails still.... Why?"|"I don't know what you mean. 
Sent from my iPhone"
As human as you are, what makes you go into full blown animal mode?|I am an animal, so i already am in a full animal mode.
"What advice have you gotten that every time you were like ""jesus you're dealing with all of these problems the absolute dumbest way possible"" ?"|“Just go to the movies or something, you won’t be as stressed about deadlines!” Well SHIT Susan, you’re right! Oh wait, I’ll have less time to work on the deadlines.
Why is something as old as cinema and movie theaters still not obsolete, what is this the 1950s?|What makes you think they're not obsolete?
What are some best examples of great marketing?|Is this a tide ad?
What surnames can you think of that are also professions? (Baker, Falconer, Taylor) and what professions today would make for an interesting surname?|Cooper
What picture ALWAYS makes you laugh?|Emma Watson with Harvey Weinstein
What 'little things' made you realize it was time to dump a friend?|I walked in on him fucking my girlfriend.
What is something that is only mildly offensive to you?|Any best gaming related list on the internet that isn't made by me
People who work within the food supply chain, what would surprise us the most?|That food production is a very dirty process.
Who do you wish was never born?|I'm too sensitive and have some anxiety.
You have been randomly chosen to do an AMA. What is the one thing you hope nobody asks you, and why?|About that one time when I was 11 and peed my pants in the movie theater so as not to miss anything from Episode I by going to the bathroom. Oh, wait...
What sports team has the most passionate fan base but has gone the longest without a title?|Toronto Maple Leafs - 1967
Reddit, if you were a serial killer how would you kill your victims? And how would you get away with it?|Nice try, FBI.
Married Folks of Reddit - How do you manage when one partner is not interested in sex?|Hobbies. One must find hobbies..
Soldiers of reddit, What are some interesting stories you've heard / experienced?|BB61 - tragic day
What's your roommate horror story?|My roommates were smoking illegal marijuanapot injections in our dorm freshman year one day while i was in class, something we all did but attempted to do as discreetly as possible. Oneday, i'm walking in from class and cops are chilling in my living room. Apparently, my roommates had just burned and made the place wreak and then bailed. Long story short, they ask me if i have anything illegal. I point them to the pill bottle with around a gram of pot in it on my desk in my room because the door was open and they'd have had to have been blind to miss it already. I was the only one out of 3 that got in any trouble.  Moral of the story: Skip class, get high, abandon room, and nothing will happen to you.
What did you do in the 80's for fun?|I read books, I learned to program on my dad's Commodore 64, I watched Friday Night Videos because we were too poor to have MTV, I listened to the radio and I made mix tapes. That about covers it.
What are some stereotypes about White People?|We love slacks. We have sex exclusively in the missionary position. We could spend hours in Ikea. We love brunch.
What is some secret technology that you think may exist?|Quantum nanotoilets.
What song parody is actually better than the original song it was based off of?|Amish Paradise - Weird Al
Flat Earthers of Reddit, how do you explain the footage from the falcon heavy launch that clearly shows a spherical Earth?|Elon Musk is trolling you. Flamethrowers wouldn't work if the Earth was a sphere.
Reddit users, what are the shows you never skip the intro of?|"The ones I watch on the television and can't skip.  
Well, save Futurama and the Simpsons- their intros change enough to stay fresh- even if it's only minor things like a chalkboard and a couch gag or changing billboards."
Why did Principal Skinner not just tell Superintendent Chalmers the truth about the ruined dinner?|Because he was trying to impress him. and it was funnier this way.
What are the best sex positions to help women orgasm?|CEO is a good position
You're stranded alone on a small desert island with a song playing loudly on repeat but you can't find the source. What's the song?|Run, Rabbit, Run.
What movie/show do you always tell people to watch but they never do?|All of them.
"What movie quote would be better if you replaced one or some of the words with ""big titties?"""|"""I guess that's how I feel about relationships. They're totally crazy, irrational, and absurd, but we keep going through it because we need the big titties."""
Fried chicken lovers. Who is craving the fried chicken and why?|Because it's fucking delicious
People who were in their 20s or older, pre-internet, was society better off without it?|Yes and no. I think my favorite time was early internet. I was fairly young but loooooved the internet so much. It was actually fun to be online all day. Now it's just a part of life. Everyone is angry, everyone is putting their opinion out and putting others down, or showing off. It's become toxic.
What is the biggest waste of human potential?|The American education system
What would a third aid kit contain?|Tissues and anti-depressants.
Which pick up line actually worked to your surprise?|Hey sweet thing are you an Aquarius. . Because I'm a Pisces and the fish belongs in the water if you know what I mean.  A creative drunken night.
Whats the heaviest thing you can buy for twenty bucks?|Probably water, it's very cheap from the tap.
How small does a human have to be to be perceived as prey by insects?|like ant size op VERY strange question
What have you done that you never expected to do?|I felt a boob once. It was like a bag of sand.
"Who are some ""One-Hit Wonders"" in fields other than music?"|Jason Alexander, the guy who played George Costanza
What series just needs to end already?|The harmonic series.
What are you trying to learn right now?|how to function in public ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ
What website that is still up and running are you surprised is still there?|http://zombo.com/
What are your hobbies?|Rugby
What’s the worst smell you have ever smelled?|An actual heart.
What's the strangest song title you know?|GG Allin has the strangest. Like Needle Up My Cock and ass fuckin', butt suckin', cunt lickin, masturbation
Where’s the most peaceful place you’ve ever been?|The land of 2 tabs of acid.
Military vets of Reddit: have you ever had a paranormal encounter during your deployment? What was it?|the eyes of all the cats/rats and shit look creepy through NODs, but, no
What's something that you believe that only you have ever done?|I think I’m the only American bass player to have opened a concert for Psy IN KOREA as my first public performance on bass...50,000+ people I think. Was crazy.
If you could experience something for the first time again what would it be?|Watching Breaking Bad or Dexter again.
Far into the future aliens discover ruins of an ancient civilization known as humanity. What did the humans leave behind?|a tesla roadster orbiting mars
Lurkers of reddit, what’s a story you’ve been wanting to post?|They’re lurkers for a reason!
What’s a food you could never go without?|Pepperoni pizza
What song title best describes your life?|I'm Too Sexy or I Touch Myself
What's your favorite story that you've heard about Keanu Reeves being awesome and/or really nice?|r/Keanubeingawesome
What is something easy to learn and saves you money as time goes on?|Start cooking and stop eating out. Saved me $200-400 a month
What’s a lie that your parents told you and you’re going to tell your kids aswell?|I told the kids that there is a leprechaun that lives in the garden. I even put a little wooden door and a chimney on one of the trees.
If you suddenly couldn’t feel pain, what’s the first thing you’d do?|Pick up my son and hold him for as long as I could
Why does E-Trade think it's funny to make commercials that mock elderly people who need to work into retirement years?|It's a fear tactic meant to appeal to younger generations who don't want to work at Wal-Mart at 70.
What song makes you just want to die whenever you hear it and why?|Reo Speedwagon ‘I cant fight this feeling any more’.  When I was a teen, every radio request show was clogged with this needy tune from some wee guy to the unrequited love of his life. Awful.
What’s a fun fact that still blows your mind?|"Crows can recognize and remember faces. A university had conducted a study regarding this. What I was told was that they had 1 group of students feed, interact, and show kindness towards the crows, while the 2nd group would come and shake the cages, y’all aggressively towards the birds, and would not be feeding them.    
     
After the crows were freed, they often hovered around the campus and would recognize the different people from group number 2. This would lead to them swooping down aggressively near the person or people from group 2.   
    
I believe they would often bring gifts, like pebbles, sea glass, tiny miscellaneous items they deemed as gifts for the students from group 1 who they recognized as being friendly and kind to them."
If someone was trying to frame you for murder, which of your everyday behaviors would they use to paint you as a killer?|The fact that I carry a firearm everywhere I can and go to the shooting range every other day.
SpaceX's rocket has launched successfully with Starman on board. Who would you have sent as shotgun?|A certain famous political figure.
What was the point of the Falcon Heavy launch?|Testing the rocket with a payload. Pretty fucking obvious point.
What terrifying creatures do you think are in the ocean?|Cthulhu.
What WOULD you wish on your worst enemy?|That they become completely aware of the full impact of their behavior over the years.
Okay Reddit, who's your favourite Victorian engineer and why?|Isambard Kingdom Brunel. Great name, great hats, great bridges.
You're the protagonist of the last TV show you've watched. What do you do?|Get beheaded before the end of the first season.
what is the most thought-provoking movie/show?|Inception
Women of reddit, what REALLY goes though your mind when you see a guy with a really great body or a big dick bulge?|I'm a grower.. i don't know what a big dick bulge is like :(
"What does it mean when a guy says ""this is dangerous I like you a lot""?"|somethimg is dangerous and he approves of you pretty straightforward
Redditors who work from home: who did you blow to get that job?|I wfh 2 days a week and have mondays off.
"From looking at the word. What is the meaning of the Norwegian sign; ""Allmenning""?"|Public grounds?
What is the ultimate patenting fail?|Not getting a patent and then another person rips you off and steals your idea and makes loads of money.
Are mints a “candy”? Why or why not?|If they have a bunch of sugar in them.
What is the worst experience you had on an airplane?|Spring break, fifth grade. My teenage cousin and I were flying to Palm Springs, CA to spend the week with our grandparents, who have a timeshare there. Our flight had a brief stop in Sacramento before finishing the journey, and I had two back-to-back earaches, one on the way to Sacramento and the other on the rest of the way to Palm Springs. My left ear hurt the worst and it was in so much pain that the left side of my face was tingling. Made me afraid of air travel for quite a while. Now I never fly without gum in my carry-on.
If you suddenly became a coding expert what game or app would you create?|an angies list for dating... where you give feedback on exes for their future potential lovers to review.
What are some of the stereotypes of r/askreddit?|White teenagers
What do you think is in the trunk and glove box of Elon's Roadster?|Bodies of those that have crossed him.
When have you defied the odds?|I was a sperm that fertilized the egg
Other than Reddit, what is your favorite site to browse and kill time at work?|Eachvideo.com  Why do I use it? Since youtube is blocked this allows me to watch youtube videos.
What would you be doing with your days if you had all the $$$$ you'd ever need, or want, and did not need a job?|Writing books, developing video games, wood working, and lifting.
What is the worst thing about your SO?|He doesn't bottle everything up as much as he used to, but he still internalizes his anxieties a lot, and we all know what usually happens when maximum capacity is reached... He knows he can come to me for anything but he's still just a quiet coyote about things.
Gamers of Reddit, What game would be the most with a battle royale mode?|"wtf does it mean for a game to ""be the most"" that means nothing"
is there an absolute rights and wrongs in life?...if so, how do you determine what's right and wrong?|Lol
What is something stupid your siblings did?|Married and had a child with a psycho controlling bitch. Thankfully they're now divorced.
"What was your ""I'm getting too old for this shit"" moment?"|When I was hungover for 3 consecutive days.
How did your parents/grandparents react when they found out how the internet has actually been used instead of the scientific achievements before?|What?
What rock song best describes your high school life?|Adam's Song
Who's someone you know that should of swallowed their pride but didn't?|I swallow mine every night (✿◠‿◠)
Multi-lingual users of Reddit; when you think, what language do you use?|depends. Normally it's english.
What is your opinion on love at first sight?|It doesn't exist but there can sure be enough lust right away that it can transition fairly seamlessly into love! One takes over as the other as ending type of thing.
When was the worst time you had a freudian slip?|"Was talking with my friend online, she was opening up about being asexual, my phone rang and I said: ""Give me a sex"""
Without saying their name, what are the accomplishments of the most famous person from your high school?|He invented the Nash Equilibrium
Would you ever go to a concert on your own, if not-why?|I often do, actually. Few of my friends share my taste in music (less so doom/sludge) and I typically have a better time alone.  I'm going to see the band play, not to talk
With Space X's Falcon Heavy being launched, what would you have put in that capsule if you had the choice?|Frozen semen.
Flat Earthers, what have been your thoughts on the Falcon Heavy launch?|ain't no falcon heavy cause ain't no space cause ain't not globe earth.
What do you consider “curves” on a woman to be?|I feel like Scarlett Johansson in He’s Just Not That Into You is curvy.
Where’s a place you like to go but never tell anyone you go there?|I would like to go to a brothel just to see what its like.
What part of the future's history is unraveling today?|Our fate.
What’s your porn star name?|Chad Hardrock
What is worth getting at a vending machine?|a wagon wheel theyre alright
What song makes you feel nostalgic?|Clocks by Coldplay
What foods look like people?|Eggplants Haha get it cause people are dicks
Vegetarians of Reddit, what made you become one?|FUCK i love mea t op im sorry i just have to say it
What was your worst sleep schedule like? How did you feel?|I had to work at 4am for one week. I went to bed at 5pm and woke up at 2am every day. I felt awful and it sucked. Never again.
Those who underwent an abortion: How was your experience and what would you do different?|I’d take an Uber. Drove myself so couldn’t get the drugs. It was painful. Very painful. Very very painful. Still glad I didn’t take the abortion pill though. That drags it out. No thanks. The experience is traumatic enough already.
When you put on pants, do you put in your right leg first or your left leg?|I may on the floor and put both in at the sametime.
What is a beneficial life-topic to learn about through research and study?|Money management
Where do you see yourself in a year?|Engaged in single combat with Saint Michael before the gates of Hell.
When did you feel like you were as unsafe as you’ve ever been?|"I'm just ""noping"" out of this thread/question while I dont feel depressed"
What joke or reference that you’ve seen on Reddit would you like explained?|"The ""you like that you fucking retard"" first I kept seeing it on this subreddit when it came to people asking what should I say when my SO tells me to talk dirty to them them I saw it on Pornhub. https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2p4772/the_origin_of_you_like_that_you_fucking_retard/?utm_source=reddit-android Not really explaining it but it's worth sharing the reference"
What’s the best condiment?|HOT SAUCE
What do you think is in the front trunk of the Tesla Roadster floating is space right now?|Dead hookers obviously.
What’s the biggest lie you’ve heard someone say just to get laid?|that they've got laid before
Dear Cannibals of Reddit, what are your overall thought/experiences with cannibalism?|I once at my own hair strand. Wasn’t pleasant
What is the most shameful/embarrassing/tedious thing you have put yourself through in the hope of getting laid?|Gonna go with marriage.
Men of Reddit, whats something you did that made you feel like a real man?|Built a wardrobe from scratch.
You're a minute into a five minute story and you suddenly realize that you have already told the story to the person you are talking to, what do you do to save face?|re-re-re REMIX!
Humans of Reddit, if you had to teach a college course on any subject, what would you teach?|Probably the only thing I'd be even remotely knowledgeable about is darts, which is really sad come to think of it.
What is the strangest dream you've had?|I once had a dream that was just this vision of a black mountain. The sun was behind it, making it glow with this reddish light. Then the entire mountain started to shatter, and I woke up screaming.
What is a stereotype about your people that you fit?|Your people? I don't own people.
Teachers of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing a student has brought for Show and Tell?|Student, but in preschool I brought my doggo for show and tell
What is the funniest way you have heard someone mispronounce a word?|A guy I work with always pronounces grievances as grevnances.
Employed redditors, is your profession represented accurately in films and tv shows? Why or why not?|Everything I've seen about customer service reps in media has shown disheveled, lifeless husks that were once human beings. I'd call that a yes.
How can you tell who is an Irish American?|"""I have never been to Ireland, but I support the IRA"""
What does it take to be good in math?|The same thing it takes to be good in anything else. Deliberate practice.
What was the birth of your first child really like?|for me? Awesome. My wife? not so much.  baby's cute tho.
What do you hope makes a comeback?|Zelda games with good story, characters, dungeons, music & bosses
Redditors who pack a lunch for work, what do you put in it?|2 pb&j 2 Greek yogurts Chips Halo oranges
I love spending my free time at home on my PC. What are some legal and legitimate ways to monetize my time on the computer to make some side cash?|Camwhore
What’s a weird combination of food you like?|peanut butter and cheese
People with social anxiety, where do you work?|An office, thank fucking god.
Reddit: what's the craziest shit you've seen at sea?|Saw the carnival cruise ship I was on hit a dolphin.
What's the creepiest song you've ever heard?|Play David banner
In all your years of being alive, what 2 common things do you still confuse with each other?|Right and left 😂
What’s something you ate that you instantly regretted?|Not arse, that's for sure.
If you could rule a kingdom and it be mediocre but peaceful, or wage war to achieve a triumphant kingdom, which would you choose and why ?|Mediocre but peaceful.  I'm just not wired to want to hurt others or justify it.
What are some universal symbols of freshness?|Doesn't stink like death.
What is something you are naturally good at?|I'm really good at admiring cute redheads
What looks good, but tastes horrible?|For me, liver and onions.  Even smells good.  I actually wish I could eat it, it looks so good and just SEEMS like it should taste good.  But I put one forkful in my mouth and I'm retching.
What is the most expensive thing you have broken?|Laptop
How does life start on a Planet?|According to Hindus, masturbation
What is your most harrowing experience that was funny in hindsight?|Drag racing with the lights out on a country road with huge ditches on each side.
Movie extras of Reddit, how did you get your position and what was/is it like?|There's usually an agency that handles signing up movie extras for a movie.
Best Buy is going to stop selling cds, what are your thoughts about this?|What's a cds
What is your best sentence that is factually correct, but incredibly misleading?|My mom has coke from Miami in the 80s, and I don’t know if it’s still good or not.
People of reddit, how does a long term sufferer of social anxiety build up their confidence?|By actually doing things. I was so afraid to tell the employees what I wanted when we would go out to eat. I was like that until I was like 13. It’s all about pushing yourself out of the comfort zond
What do you use to get the smell out of the bathroom after taking a poopski?|Light up a match and let it burn.
what to do when feeling worthless?|I comment on Reddit
If you went back in time and killed your parents before you were born, then went back into normal time, who killed your parents?|Bootstrap paradox. Google it.
What would be an absolutely awful replacement for ketchup?|Miracle whip.
Who is the biggest penis face you've ever met?|Melvin
What is your sine qua non?|Im not gonna google that
What was the hardest game for you have played and did you finish it?|Dark Souls. Hard at first then it becomes easy to get to the late game prettt quick. Still a challenge fighting the last bosses though but not as much.
How did the internet stole your innocence?|I found my step mothers gonewild
What's the worst thing your patents did growing up?|Didn’t copyright correctly and therefore got stolen
18 year old who is doing a gap semester but is conflicted in which country in Europe to study abroad in!! My top choices are England, Ireland, France, And Italy. People who have studied abroad in any of these countries what’s your opinion?|You can legally drink in any of those countries at 18, so any of them really. Though personally I'd do Italy.
Reddit, if you were to use a VR Headset for the first time, what would be the first environment you would immerse yourself into, and why?|I would want to run around in the POV of someone who's been shrunk to 6 inches tall. I just think it would be so cool to see everything from that perspective, especially if it felt real. Could make a fun survival game too. I wanna battle a giant mouse or something.
What's a small thing that, if many Redditors did it, it would make the world a better place?|respect within each other
What SNL episode has the skit with Drake “going beer for beer” with osama bin laden?|File not found
What has your worst/best day started and ended with?|waking up and going to sleep
What’s a good thing to say to make someone stop talking to you?|"""bye"""
Imagine NASA revealing that the world is going to be completely destroyed by a meteor in 30 days, with little to no chance of stopping it. What would you do in those thirty days before the meteor struck?|Panic
What are things better left unsaid?|Comments about a person's weight. Just don't do it, fam
What is the most expensive thing you have ever purchased?|Marriage certificate
(NSFW) Let's DEBUNK porn! What are some facts you know about porn/the porn industry that changed the way you look at it?|I’ve found out that most girls you offer a ride to aren’t willing to do anal in the backseat after 5 minutes.  But most men are 😉
Who are your favorite MMA fighters and why?|Genki Sudo for me. One, because he's hilarious to watch fight. Two, because his entrances are the stuff of legend. Three, because he's a genuinely good human being. And four, he had a passable music career after he quit.
What is drunk you doing tonight, that will please sober you tomorrow?|Being sober tonight
What's something big or small that you're proud of yourself for?|Yesterday I had my ivf embryo transfer and they make.you chug 30oz of water before hand and hold it for the procedure. So I did as I was told. I have a very bad bladder btw. And then the doctor was a hour friggin late...I was crying towards the end from the pain. I really thought he would get a golden shower once he started looking around. But not a drop of pee escaped. I am very proud of myself and my bladder for that
What's a good combination of toppings for a 2 topping pizza?|Pepperoni and anchovies
What dark thoughts do most average people have?|Most of them. They're called intrusive thoughts.
What is the most badass thing you've done/witnessed?|I was waiting to cross a road; there was some guy next to me on his phone and someone on a bike drove to the curb and snatched it, the guy sprinted after him and spear tackled him off his bike. Came back across the same road twenty minutes later and saw him being carried off on a stretcher.
What product is horribly designed, yet commonly used?|Single ply toilet paper
When did you successfully fake 'til you made it?|Being ready for a baby
What do you think about Edwin Jackson being killed by an illegal immigrant?|That as sad as it is being an illegal immigrant makes no difference to the incident.
Why does the US Census ask so many intrusive questions?|.....because it's a Census.
What's a sensation/feeling just about everyone knows?|hot/cold
What is your passion? Do you think more people should partake in it?|More people should absolutely grow bamboo.
What is the weirdest thing you've seen on a cruise ship?|I lost my virginity on a cruise. That was pretty awkward.
You are stepping down as supreme ruler of the world. With no heir, the world is left wondering: who do you appoint as your replacement?|An artichoke.
What are your thoughts on soapy dramas?|I find myself addicted to them. Any recommendations on some to watch? I really enjoyed the Dallas Revival.
What is a weird food combination that your friends or family give you shit for?|https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7vreex/dear_cannibals_of_reddit_what_are_your_overall/
why do womens farts smell so bad compared to men?|Because girls don't poop, their farts tend to contain more impurities, leading to a particularly noxious aroma.
Bullying victims of Reddit, if your school bully fought your dad, who would win?|Lol. My dad. But then I smacked my bully with a text book. Soooo yeah. Worth the simple assault charge
"What's your ""That's a glitch in the Matrix"" moment?"|I got laid
What is a hobby or artistic endeavor for someone who isn’t particularly artistic?|I like to crochet.  It’s basically just math + yarn which makes a thing!
"When was the last time you said ""Fuck it"" and what happened?"|Went out in the middle of the night for a threesome that never happened.
Night's Watch rangers, what is the most unexplainable/creepy thing you encountered north of the Wall?|This foul mouthed teenager kept insisting I didn't know anything, even though she didn't know what a windmill was.
Apparently men only want one thing. What is it?|To be happy
How do you get a bad taste out of your mouth?|Brush my teeth and use mouthwash
What's the biggest threat to man that people don't care enough about?|Man.
Redditors who started to come to terms with their childhood sexual abuse as an adult, what do you wish your partner had or hadn't done in order to better support you?|Understood when sometimes I just needed to stop and not continue with sex sometimes.  Not that he was forceful at all, he’s been completely the key to me not committing suicide. But sometimes I can see he gets frustrated when I can’t explain what’s wrong, but I can’t find the words. It’s just certain triggers that mean I shit down.
What do you prefer to do with your hands when standing still?|If I'm not on my phone I usually cross them.
What seemingly small event in your childhood helped shape who you are today?|Left my middle school when we moved. My best friend there fell into the wrong crowd, started doing drugs, got pregnant, dropped out of school. I always think that my life could have turned out like hers if I never moved.
what is the weirdest and most unusual creature to ever exist?|Water bears. There's even some speculation they came from another planet (since they can survive in space)
How efficient are you at your workplace?|Hella
If violence and warfare were unknown factors to humanity throughout history, what might our modern world look like in terms of technological and medical advancements?|It’d be lower. We made a lot of improvements trying to kill each other and animals.
Whats the best social network to make online friends and why?|Real life
how can you prove that there is life outside Earth?|The statistical chance of the Earth being the only life sustaining planet is pretty slim.
Which celebrity's child will be the most successful?|North West Kardashian, because she'll be very well oriented.
After seeing a car being sent into the orbit, what invention do you think is not far away?|A way to land the car.
Wallshitters of Reddit, what has been your best wallshitting adventure?|WHO THE FUCK WALLSHITS!!
How many times do you poop in the morning? Why?|I poop 1 time in the morning, then while the poop is halfway out I suck it back him and then repeat for about 20 times.
What's a time in your life where you WANTED to be proven wrong or look dumb, but weren't/didn't?|Why would anyone want to look dumb?
What do they call Danish pastries in Denmark?|Pastries
Is there anything you need to get off your chest? If so, what is it?|Zelda Breath of The Wild is massively overrated
What tiny change can you make to an amazing movie, that will turn it into a really bad movie?|Shaky camera work
Could somebody else's life story being made into a movie feature a villain based on you? What did you do, and do you regret it?|I picked on my little brother a lot as kids. Now were older and were close, but I still regret not being friends earlier.
What is your favorite time of the day and why?|Quitting time just in time for beer o clock
If you were on your death-bed and were told you had only enough time to see one movie of your choice, what would it be?|Jaws
Whether or not reddit believes in ghosts.. what’s one of the scariest/spookiest moments have you ever experienced?|I helped a friend move into a house that turned out to be haunted, back in Summer 2015.
How dense can someone be?|Trump
What seems to good to be true?|"Mac n cheese 
Bourbon 
Tacos 
Beer"
Travelers of reddit, what did you saw abroad that you wish it would happen in your own country as well?|Free refills in restaurants
Redditors of Reddit, what's the most believable thing you've ever seen?|I saw a cat
People who wear sports apparel for a team who isn't playing to a sporting event, why?|"""Texas Forever"""
What do you think of your first ex and why did you two break up?|I think shes a wonderful person with many things ahead of her. The reason we broke up was because her penis was bigger than mine.
Physical Strength and the Probability of Winning a Fight to the Death: how much stronger would one have to be so that defeating an equally-skilled opponent would occur (in-principle) about two out of three times?|I would say a 20lb difference is significant. Idk how much strength that translates to. Thats my experience from highschool wrestling.
Blind people of Reddit, What crazy thing has happened to you?|I see what you’re doing here.
According to my math professor, he says that people use math on a day to day basis. How do you use math on a day to day basis?|Well, I work in accounting.
How did you discover Reddit?|because i was sick of facebook and looked for something better.
If Tom Hanks and Samuel L. Jackson remade each other’s movies, which film would you be most excited to watch?|Forrest Shaft.
If real life was more like reddit, what would you see going on everyday?|Exactly the same stuff happening over and over again
When I say diagonal what's the first thing that comes to your mind?|When Harry kinda says diagonally instead of Diagon Alley
What was the most illogical belief you had as a child?|Believing in a god.
What is something that is cringe to you, but actually pretty normal in society?|Whoopi Goldberg.  Sorry, folks.
People who are dead on the inside, how did you die?|"Well first off, I'm being a bit of a bitch/wuss, but the answer... I seem, no matter what I do, to be a ""provider"" with little to no enjoyment or satisfaction from it.  I HAVE to work the job I work, while others in my house have all kinds of options, leisure, recreational activity.  I'm the oldest male and the bread winner.  It's like ""shut up and deposit money"" and ""forget happiness, your job is to create that for us"".  I realize there are millions of people in the world who would kill to be in the position I'm in, so other than typing this anonymously here on Reddit, I don't say a word.  I'm just fairly dead inside, I get up, go to work, come home, do chores, eat, if I'm lucky watch a re-run of something I like, good dog now go to bed.  Weekends, errands and more involved chores. Probably because it has been a very long time since anyone has so much as even thanked me, other than a couple times a year my wife says she appreciates making all this possible, and in those moments, I feel more alive, but generally I feel like it's assumed that I just work and pay for it all. (my wife's stepdaughter, husband, mother-in-law and two children live with my wife and I, along with their many pets, they are all a bit arrested development cases -- other than the two children lol...)"
Besides Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un, who is perfect in every way imaginable, Who is the second most awesome person you know and why?|Donald Trump because he's, like, the smartest, handsomest, most qualified golfer of all time.
What's your favorite genre of music and why?|Brit rock, closely followed by drum & bass. My favourite bands are Oasis, The Verve, Coldplay, Keane etc. Although I do love drum & bass, it's so infectious, it can be emotional, it can pump you up, it's fast but can also be sad. Such an underrated genre.
What was your first video game system?|2600
How many years would you attend college if you got paid $100k per year to attend?|All of them. All the years.
Why is your Uber rating so low?|Because I'm not an Uber employee.
Who’s the most 90’s person you can think of?|Zach Morris
What’s the worst chain reaction you’ve ever started?|This one
Aliens invade the planet and ask for 3 things that show humanity doesn't deserve destruction, what's one thing you will show them?|Yea we're fucked... I can't think of a single thing
What would happen to reddit if they all of a sudden stopped awarding any karma?|Imagine a fire, if you will. Make the fire the size of your house. Then dump every single Reddit post in it. There you go.
What famous person would you ride into battle?|Mr. Ed
Flat Earthers, what mental gymnastics are you doing to justify your opinion, considering we have video of the SpaceX launch and a continuous video feed from the rocket showing that the Earth is not the flat disc you think it is?|Dude the reflection on the car is literally a disk, disprove *that*
What's your story involving chicken(s)?|"I've been afraid of birds ever since I can remember. When I was a kid I went to Greece with my family. There was a chicken coup right beside our hotel and the chickens would parade near the entrance to the hotel.
Totally ruined my holiday."
What's the best birthday present you ever received as a kid?|A Polaroid of my cousins bobs
At what age would you like to die?|105, so I could say I lived through 3 centuries.
What incident made you cut off a long time friend?|I was going to move in with my best friend because she was scared of being lonely while her husband was deployed. She said I didn't have to pay rent but I still gave her $1000 up front for the first month.  Not even two days living with her, I realized we would not be compatible as roommates as my dog was terrified of her which in turn pissed her off. So, I left, and we agreed she'd give me back $800 since I was only there a couple days. While I was still getting my stuff in order, I get a text from her, threatening to throw all my things out on the street if I don't come get them ASAP. This was not even 24 hours after we agreed that I leave. I rushed over, got my check and things, and then left. A week later, I check my bank account and found that she had cancelled the check after I deposited it. Fortunately I had access to free legal help and got my money back since cancelling checks without consent is completely illegal. We never spoke again. It was a nightmare and opened my eyes to how some people can be behind closed doors.
People with disabilities, what are the things that people without disabilities annoy you?|What are the things that annoy you about people without disabilities?
What is the strangest thing you have found on the internet?|That goddamned Shrek is Love thing.  FUUUUCKING FUCK
What is a good movie streaming website other than 123movies?|Netflix
How do we know that someone didn't go back in time to save Hitler from dying before WWII?|Because you can't go backwards in time? Right?
People that ignore the “recommended cooking instructions”, what are your tips to make it so tasty?|"Slap Ya Mama 
(it's an actual southern Louisiana Cajun seasoning brand)"
Where were you when you heard Michael Jackson died?|Don't remember, I didn't care that much.
Do you say hi to the people at your school if you meet them in public? Why or why not?|I graduated ten years ago from high school and still greet the people I went to school with lol. Seeing people I know everywhere makes me happy! :)
How does SpaceX get live video feeds from cameras on board their rockets over such great distances?|Same way you watch TV or listen to radio. It's broadcasted. The signal ain't perfect but we've had the technology forever now
What do you think are the pros of large age gap relationships?|Can we count quick life insurance money???
What realization has made profound changes in your life?|"The realisation that life is meaningless.  
I’m much more open minded about things and much more carefree. Albeit scared of the realisation, but trying to make it positive."
Graphic designers of Reddit, what is the most annoying client you've ever had?|Not a graphic designer but I do simple character base drawings at my high school for some programmers I know. Someone wanted me to draw a dragon for 10 cents. I took it because I thought it would be fun and boy was I wrong. I was nagged on if I had finished or not every day. Long story short, I drew 10ish dragons for 10 cents. I never even was told what it was going to be used for. And the kid said he drew them to other kids. Never again am I going to draw more than 2 dragons.
Redditors who are for or against DACA(Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals), what is your reasoning behind it?|They've been here as long as or longer than I have, why the fuck would you kick them out, 99.99% of them aren't making trouble.
How did you learn to love yourself?|It’s a trial and error process. There are magazines that can help.
What experiences finally made you grow up?|Moved across the country by myself - had to grab an apartment and a job quick otherwise I would be homeless.
What's your favorite cartoon/animation and why?|Avatar the Last Airbender
What‘s a good way to make new friends?|Offer to drive them around in your van and give them candy.
What country are you from, and what is the number 1 thing you think that country needs?|New Zealand: Funding for mental health.
People who have outrun a cop, what were you driving and how did you do it?|Pure crystallised methamphetamine.
In what ways are you an absolute monster?|I take life from elsewhere in order to sustain my form, because full redefinition is incredibly painful and I'm a bit of a coward.
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?|Kangaroo meat. Not that weird tasting
Who changed you the most?|My late dog.
When will the United States move to the superior Chip and PIN method of verifying payments?|Doesn't everyone already have CHIP and PIN? All the states I've visited in the last few years have it...
What's the most evil inanimate object?|A spike.
What are some good True or False questions?|True or False, your answer to this question is incorrect?
How do you think?|Personally, I think in different ways depending on the situation. If I’m trying to solve an issue, I usually have a mental conversation running through possible solutions. If I’m reading something, I can visualise it quite well, and I think in diagrams if I’m trying to understand a new concept.
What are some red flags that you may be in a cult?|Pointy white hat
You can only eat one thing a day - what do you eat?|Pussaay
What is Happy Hour called in other countries?|Ireland - Thursday
"When was the moment you thought ""I need to go home and rethink my life""?"|When I tried selling death sticks to obi wan kenobi
Postal workers of Reddit who deliver mail to famous people, how did you react to finding out that you got to deliver mail to that person?|I currently have George Clooney's Credit Card and PIN.
Take a random movie and replace the hero with Percy Jackson. What happens now?|It gets super gay
What are things you can do with your child but can't with your best friend?|Spankings Accompanying to or assisting them in the bathroom.
how did you know that you are in love ?|I truly knew after she left.
Flat Earthers, what mental gymnastics are you doing to justify your opinion, considering we have video of the SpaceX launch and a continuous video feed from the rocket showing that the Earth is not the flat disc you think it is?|Dude the reflection on the car is literally a disk, disprove *that*
Prediction time! How much do you think one Bitcoin will be worth on July 1st 2018?|20k
What is the best gift you’ve received while recovering from a serious illness?|Non hospital food
What fucked up question have you always wanted to ask, but haven't had the context to bring it up?|Exactly *HOW* easy is it to find child porn on the internet?
What happens in 100 years when some space tourist finds a body in the Starman suit in Elon's Tesla?|Probably be put in a Museum.
Corporations Such as Frito Lay and H&M are Obviously Using the Internet “Outrage Machine” To Sell Their Products. How Could This Backfire on Them?|"It probably wont. Truth be told, most people just don't give a shit about ""Outrage"" a product receives. It's the 0.1% of people who flip their tits about something, and everyone else just gets reminded of potato chips because of their complaints."
What’s your favourite word?|Fuck!
Students of reddit: what is your weirdest story that happened during exam session?|I straight shit myself during bivouac training
When is it too old to kiss your kids on the lips? What do you think about parents kissing their kids on the lips?|"In my experience, it would be best to let your child decide. And try not to take it too personally. It is an important developmental step.  
  
I'll never forget the look in father's eyes when I was 6 and told him we would hug from now on. He was affected, but fortunately a wise enough man to accept without question."
Is there alternative to gyazo which automatically saves screenshot/pic to a chosen folder?|shareX
"When can you use the word ""ominous"" in real life?"|Anytime you feel like it?
Have you ever had an outburst of anger you couldn't control? What happened to cause it? What was the outburst and what was the after math?|My drunk father was cursing me out and pushing me around because he blamed me for meat burning on the grill. He had been an alcoholic for a while, and because of that, I have a low tolerance for people who can't handle their alcohol. I had enough of his shit and yelled at him to shut the fuck up, I couldn't keep sucking up all of the things he said. We didn't talk for two days afterwards, and I still hold a small grudge, just because he still tries to justify his drunk actions.
What is the essence of charm?|Knowing your audience.
In the state of arizona they are working on approval to allow self driving cars. If there is a moving violation or they find the self driving car at fault for an accident who would be cited?|Find the nearest black person and arrest them?
How often do you talk to strangers in an attempt to form a relationship (intimate or otherwise)?|"Oh I talk to strangers all the time lol. Having a big network of acquaintances is super nice! I have friends if I want to hang out. Acquaintances mean that I have a huge network if I need advice or want to know about a topic or just want someone to drink with if I happen to be out where they are. I'm that person who if you have a question I can say ""Oh yeah I know a guy..."""
What’s the biggest thing you bet you could carry 10 yards?|Probably like an average sized 10 year old kid
What is the scariest experience you’ve had driving at night?|Driving along a winding road with a big truck tailgating me and nowhere to pull over.
Gary Busey suddenly appears right behind you. What do you do?|sigh *unzips pants*
How did your life change after going to jail, or getting a criminal record (drugs, theft, other felonies...)?|My brother (who said he would never get caught) still has a felony on his record that makes renting an apartment and job searches very difficult.
Flat earthers of Reddit: Where do you think rockets go when they launch?|Space
People that live in rich areas, what are some great findings you've found in thrift shops?|"""Fake gold diamond ring"" that ended up being a real gold diamond ring. Payed $25 sold it for $600."
What’s something that took you way too long to realize?|Being smarter than the average person doesn't make me better than the average person.
What food is good freshly made but even better after a day?|Yorkshire puddings.
What's your main mode of transport?|Legs.
Reading relationship advice can get a little gloomy, so what are your best relationship success stories?|"I got her to marry me. We talk all the time, and even if we're upset we never go to bed without saying ""I love you."""
What is number one on your bucket list?|See the northern lights.
Ok nerds, what's the big deal with Space X?|So that rocket they launched today cost $90 million to launch. The next similar sized rocket available from a government, costs $350 million to launch. Space just became affordable for the private sector.
What is your favorite futuristic technology many people may not know exists?|CRISPR, quantum computation, advanced independet robotics There's generally tons of sci-fi stuff already, but often the usable end-goal requires many bright solutions at once to be functional
Which country should make the laws for the first space settlements. Joint effort?|Well all countries begin with a foundation document such as a constitution. One modeled around classical liberal principals like the US or Ireland is a good starting point
Why do they say that a hero can save us?|I'm not gonna stand here and waaaaaittt....
Aliens of reddit, do you really come in peace? How do you blend in so well? How do you like earth/earthlings so far? IYO, which country is your favorite?|Anyone who answers, stay right where you are.
If Donald Trump himself is doing an ama what questions would you ask him?|Haven't heard from you since that Apprentice show, what have you been up to lately?
How can parents help steer children away from forming negative core beliefs?|just encourage their creativity and uniqueness and be positive and loving to them
Is it okay for a teacher to play a song with the n word in it repeatedly? Why or why not?|You looking to turn up with your students?
"You say ""ok it was nice talking to you but I gotta run"" looking to end the (in-person or phone conversation), but they still keep talking, almost as if they were daring you to rudely interject. What do you do?"|Hang up/walk away.
What's the most pretentious thing you've ever heard someone say?|M'lady
"If someone accepts dirty money and pays out clean money, what do they do with the dirty money? If the dirty money is useless how do they ""invest/clean"" it?"|I think thats called laundering my friend
People who walk on the sides of freeway/highways: why?|Because life isn't worth living
What are the best ways to save and make money?|Get a job. Get a good job.
What does it mean when someone says they are shy around you?|IT could mean many things. Could be that you're shy and the person absorbs that level of shyness. Or that maybe you're intimidating. Or that something else flusters them about you
What comment on Reddit has stuck with you?|"""today you, tomorrow me."""
What would happen to the world if dating suddenly required a chaperone again?|When have chaperones ever been required on dates?
What is an obscure reference you hope someone gets?|"""The computer says no"""
Redditors who walk into the shower first and then turn it on, what do you do with those extra 5+ seconds?|Start peeing early
What do you do when you have to get up in 4 hours and can't sleep?|Panic.
What is something about getting older that no one talks about?|How you just seemingly stop healing. When I was young I swear I could cut my finger to the bone and be fine by dinner...now I may as well lose the finger.
What is a really specific day-to-day problem you have, that no-one else you know has to deal with?|My skin care routine. I suffer from rosacea, dermatitis, psoriasis and acne. Over the past two years I've been prescribed dovobet, desonide, clobetasol, elidel, metronidazole, ketoconazole, eucrisa and clindamycin. I don't take all of them anymore because many of them didn't work. But my twice-daily skin care routine is pretty complicated. It's hard to stay over at a friend's house or go camping because if I miss even one day of treatment, my symptoms really flare up.
You are transported to the exact spot where you're currently standing but 20 million years ago. You bring with you everything that is currently on your person. How do you proceed? Got anything useful on you?|I’m currently sitting on the toilet in my socks...I’m screwed.
What will be a crime in the future that we haven’t thought to make illegal yet?|Giving kids hormones to make them look more similar to the opposite sex.  **Soooo fucked up** EDIT: Who the fuck down voted this? For real, how can you defend your position?
To those who use Bing over google, why?|it's better for porn
Redditors, which extinct animal would you like to see resurrected?|No question about it. The Dodo Bird.
What things are rare, but not valuable?|Original questions on r/askreddit
What is something that is wildly popular that you don't understand why people enjoy it?|"Tattoos, man. It's a passing fashionable thing. And you're going to be stuck with it the rest of your life.
That and it's fucking expensive.. Rather buy an airline ticket somewhere warm and friendly."
What was mankind’s most amazing achievement given the context of technology and knowledge available at the time?|The Moon Landing
What are you doing to prevent forest fires?|Never leaving my house.
Professionals of Reddit, how has your work been stolen from you?|Interns.
What is something ridiculous that scares the shit out of you?|The Siamese cats in lady and the tramp. Scared me as a kid and still absolutely fucking terrifying
What “futuristic” technology would actually hurt humanity to discover?|Functional immortality of any kind
If the Dow success was due to Obama’s policies, and the recent plunge was due to Trump’s policies kicking in, who gets credit now that it’s going back up?|bush
What was the last thing you downloaded?|WoW private server client.
Graffiti artists that write illegible scribbles on street signs and walls, why do you do this?|Vandalism is coolio!
Cashiers of Reddit: What is the strangest thing that someone bought in bulk?|Not a cashier, but I got some strange looks checking out from Costco with a cart full of various oils. For context I was running a science fair experiment on nutrition.
People who deactivated their Facebook for some time now, how's life going so far?|I don’t miss it. Life’s about the same.
Ladies, what song do you want to get serenaded with?|You're My Shining Star by the Manhattans.
Redditors who are broke but don't feel like working, what's your reason?|Don’t feel like working.
Skeptic people and those aware of the 'tricks of the trade' used in 'psychic' readings, has a psychic ever managed to convince you that it's real? What happened?|If I know how it works why would I fall for it?
At what point in your life did you lose your childlike innocence?|Age 8
What app do you refuse to delete on your phone/tablet despite the fact that you never use it?|Fivestars
What's the strangest message you've received on social media?|"inb4 ""show vageen"""
What small task should totally be an olympic sport?|Parallel parking. The spot just gets smaller and smaller.
What makes you know better than to become a politician?|You can do more good for the world by not being a politician
What are some good (non-criminal) ways to fuck with an ass hole neighbor?|I think that's rape
What personal question do you hate answering?|Anything about my private life. If I wanted to talk about that, I would.
What's the most desperate thing you have witnessed?|Customers every day trying to trick me into making a mistake so they can complain and get free stuff
People who have rubbed one out at work, Why?|Sexy Snapchats
What is so wrong, yet so right?|Peanut butter and pickles. I'll love you forever.
What's a simple history fact people are always amazed to hear?|John Tyler, 10th US President and born in 1790, has two living grandsons.
What Industry Secret do you know that has saved you a lot of money?|now why would I tell you that?
What are some foods/dishes that taste better the next day or two?|Pulled pork. Let the flavors meld. Steep in bbq goodness.
You've been selected to rewrite the 10 Commandments. What are the new laws?|Thou Shalt Not be a dick.
What are some examples of secret talents?|im a hands on learner and the talent that comes with that for me is i can just about learn anything from watching and doing. example -was a line welder but everyone refused to teach me to use the torch to fix units pulled off the line. fortunately that torch station was right across from me and i was able to study someone else using it with solder. i practiced on units that were deemed unrepairable and succeed in learning.
Hiring Managers of Reddit, what are the biggest deal breakers in a interview, and what things immediately win you over?|Being itchy as hell during an interview.
Guys: How would you react if your SO asked to bring another dude into the mix?|My wife asked this exact question two years ago. I was shocked at first but after I'd gotten over the idea that I wasn't satisfying her enough I realised my wife had only me as sexual experience. I decided we should open our marriage for a while and we had several great three ways.
What's the most telltale sign you're living in a Tide commercial?|No one is eating Tide Pods.
Redditors who never went to college, how's that working out for you?|OK. I’ve never made more than $90,000 annually, so I’ll never afford a great big house or drive an Escalade... but I own a *nice* house in a decent neighborhood and have always driven a newer car. Never had kids though so you’ve got to factor that in too. My wife and I were always able to afford to go on vacations and live a comfortable lifestyle- while putting money away for retirement.  So for us, it worked out. We’re very happy. And glad we don’t have all that college loan debt.
Where can one find the best pizza ever?|I will say Lou Malnati's New Yorkers will say Roberta's I just love pizza.
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?|Hej Hej Monika Best song ever
People born in the year 2000 will be turning 18 this year; what television shows do you think they need to watch?|MASH
I work at a wholesale jewelry manufacturer and a customer brought in a Nazi’s SS ring to duplicate. Is it ethical to make this ring? Do we have the right to refuse to make it?|I reckon you do have the right to refuse to make it, that being said, maybe you shouldn't. I knew a guy who collected Nazi memorabilia who certainly never supported the ideology himself. Perhaps the owner just has an interest in history and wants a copy to show people when he travels so he doesn't lose the original. There are far more less nefarious reasons for him wanting a duplicate other than he being a Nazi.
Ladies what drives your feeling of insecurity? Men what drives your feeling of inadequacy?|Comparing myself to other people.
Which album would break all sales records if released today?|None. Sales have tanked across the board since 2000. And you think some outdated sounding album would somehow reverse that and outsell *Thriller*?
If Falcon Heavy Rocket was launched by the newest generation, what song of 21st century would play in a car?|Something bitchy about having some else to the real work.
Guys who have waxed your armpits, how do you feel about them?|Started ok until the candle caught the rest of the hair on fire.
What are some chill remixes to popular songs?|"Google ""kygo remixes"". I was not disappointed."
What's the worst group project story you have?|The professor thought it would be a good idea to make groups of 10 to write a macroeconomics essay. *A group of ten people to write a single essay, I shit thee not.*
You've just been told you're meeting the Queen and you don't have time to get changed. How fucked are you?|I'd keep my coat on. Otherwise I hope she's a hockey fan.
What the heck is up with US mattress sizes? How did it come to this?|Have you seen the people here?
What's the cheapest way to get fat in a healthy way?|Eat like a pig.
What’s something you do that’s cathartic for you?|Willingly crying myself to sleep every now in a while, I always feel super relaxed and calm for weeks after a good cry for some reason.
Ladies and gentlemen of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing you have masturbated to?|This thread.
What made you get into crypto currencies?|Frankly, anyone who's into crypto currency who doesn't use it to covertly buy illegal stuff is a bit of a twat.
When did you realize you stepped in dog shit?|YOOO one time at church lmao
What percentage of man caves in America are underutilized? And why?|The majority of the American male population is not gay.
"What ""porn moves"" lived up to their expectations?"|2 in the pink 1 in the stink
What is a common courtesy that is not all that common?|Actually listening to people. You'd be surprised how many people prefer to talk over truly listening.
How would you feel if a mean snobby popular girl ended up becoming a fat farmer or truck driver?|I wouldn't care in the least. More important things to think about.
What's the best quip that you (think you) made up?|As soon as I saw her my dick slapped my chest.
What do you want people to know before they go through your Reddit history?|Nothing in particular. I stand by the things I've said
How many of you were beaten as a child and how has that affected your life?|I got hit when I was badly behaved, so quite a lot!  I'm fine.
Redditors who drive with their high beams on all the time: Why are you the way that you are?|Some drivers are high and forget they have them turned on.
If every state in the United States had a podcast to represent it, what would the name of your state's podcast be?|Weird Shit That Happened In Florida.
What are some signs the relationship is over?|Not going to bed at the same time you do. Always a dead giveaway.
What's something that you wouldn't want to win a lifetime supply of?|Cats. Imagine how inconvenient that would be.
What three countries would you never visit?|Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Syria.
If someone dies of ‘unexplained causes’, what could be some possible reasons of death?|Brain aneurysm.
Which movie remake would be the most uncomfortable to watch if the cast was made up of people with obvious mental disabilities?|The Hunger Games
Selena Gomez or Dua Lipa, who's hotter?|Dua Lipa, whoever she is.
What are some simple words you can use to broaden your everyday vocabulary?|Learn Cockney Rhyming slang and instantly spice up the way you talk.
What have you learnt about yourself which has allowed you to improve your life after learning it?|How to admit when I'm wrong. How to admit when bad at something. How to admit that I don't know something.
What is something that you should do more often?|Go to bed at a reasonable time
Cops of Reddit, what regular activity became different for you once you became a cop?|Think anyone will say sex?
What is better than the original?|All along the watchtower -  Jimi Hendrix
What artists (or albums) from the present day will be looked upon like Michael Jackson or Metallica in the future?|Hopefully Greta Van Fleet. They're fucking awesome.
Those of you in a ldr with a significant time difference, how do you cope?|Communication, trust and having your own schedule. While you two are apart, it's important to keep in touch every day. Let them know how your day is going and ask how is theirs. Even if he/she is asleep, it's a nice thing to wake up to. You also need complete trust in each other, no doubts or insecurities. That will definitely affect your relationship if someone is having doubts. Lastly, continue doing what you're doing. Don't miss out on things because your s/o isn't there. Before you know it, you two will be back together!
Women of Reddit, what REALLY goes through your mind when you see a guy with a tall broad muscular body?|That they must work out a lot.
Why is right wing populism growing in almost every Western country even though the left is winning the war of words?|Go ahead and flap your gums while I save my country.
What is one ingredient that will totally fuck up a good recipe?|Bleach
People of reddit, how did you meet your current partner?|I was born with my right hand
If there was a WWE wrestler that symbolizes your home country, what would their signature move be called?|Brexit
What is your favorite memory and why?|I remember my sister and I playing hide and seek... with our kittens. We would hide them and have each other find where we had placed them.  It surprisingly worked out well, they stayed in place and we did find them quickly. We were really young then.  If we did that with our cats now, they’d kill us ;;
What’s the best online review you’ve read?|Haribo Sugar Free Gummy Bears.
What has been your experience with love?|Lovely.
What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever eaten?|Unbeknownst to me at the time, I drank a jug of spit/water at summer camp once. I'm retching just thinking about it.
Teachers/students of reddit, what was the most unfair punishment someone got at your school? Why?|What punishment? Children aren't allowed to be punished anymore
What is a word you always probably use incorrectly?|Literally
Satanists of Reddit, what would like the general public to know about your lifestyle?|Its actually Santaists and we worship Santa Claus. There was just a typo a long time ago that confused everybody.
What is the weirdest part of a certain culture that you have a question about?|For example, why is it in Japanese porn the girl is always crying and borderline looks like she is being raped?
What’s an irrational phobia of yours?|One of my biggest fears is somebody listening to my music tastes. I will have earbuds in and constantly check every 5-10 minutes to see if the audio is coming out of the phone by taking them off. I don’t know why this is, but it has been a fear of mine for a few years now.
What is your trigger?|Match trigger kit HK offers is pretty good. Just toss the trigger screw in the garbage and it's good for EDC.
What overhaul are you planning to do with your life in the next year?|Your mom
Deliver drivers of Reddit, what's the strangest thing you've witnessed while on the job?|Your mom
What's a thing people get embarrassed about that you don't find embarrassing?|Pooping. Everyone does it, I just don’t understand why some people get all weird about it like it’s some secret thing.
What are some good sci-fi books to read?|*Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?* by Philip K. Dick
Why does liquor not go bad, and other liquids do?|Because alcohol
Have you ever gone through a large conscious change in the way that you talk? What prompted the change? How is your voice different now?|I lost my southern accent, mostly just because I don't want to talk like an asshole
How are the tires on Starmans Ride inflated in space?|With very little air.
What are the environmental impacts here on Earth from the SpaceX Dragon Heavy launch earlier today?|minimal
How did you first get kicked in the groin and how did you react?|Don't remember, didn't react. Getting hit in the crotch never really hurt me as much as other people act like it does. Maybe a lot of guys overact or something.
What are some good youtube channels for people just getting into programming?|The coding train
What is the worst part about your life?|Anxiety. I have a great life, but I’m a worst-case scenario kind of person. I wish I can just be more chill about some things. Zoloft really helps but the anxiety is still there sometimes and it’s just annoying lol
People of reddit, why do you guys hate on the Chrysler 300 model cars?|I hate most things.
What is an annoying thing your friend does that you wish they would stop doing?|One of them is too confident and he should stop being that and be more open to other opinions
What's something you get away with in work but shouldn't ?|Being on reddit
Mothers of Reddit, how scared were you while you were in labor? What was your experience, and do you feel it’s something worth having anxiety over? How did you get over the anxiety of labor and the giving-birth process?|My experience was amazing. What I did was have every sleep so I could focus without the outside distractions of them talking or making me freak out. But I slept through most of my labor and every time I had contractions I would focus on the tv and rub my belly.
Which of the Ten Commandments are you still yet to fulfil? What's your plan?|"I think I've fulfilled all of them.  But I'm not sure. I'm working on writing an 11th commandment now. ""Honor thy doG"" or something like that."
What made you lose faith in the system?|Donald Trump, Jeff Sessions, and Ajit Pai.
Russians of Reddit What are the word about Eton Musk's Achievement in your Country?|CYKA BLYAT!
Which major Youtuber would you like to have as a parent?|Chilled. If he counts....
People with tattoos, which is your favourite tattoo and what's the story behind it?|I have the signature of one of my favourite musicians on my arm. Stayed awake for 26 hours to get it.  Just hope he doesn’t get outed as a pedo or something 😂
Do you think a smaller country like England could take over a bigger one like the USA and if so, how?|In the 19th century it could have.
What saying or phrase needs to just disappear forever?|Bae
Do you drive EXACTLY how the DMV instructs you to (outside the driving test) or do you drive a bit differently?|Nobody drive exactly his the DMV instructs you. Not even the DMV instructors
What are you most looking forward to in the next decade?|Paying off my student loans.
People who have a tattoo in an erogenous zone, was it awkward between you and the artist during the session?|Nope! He was super chill and a professional piercer as well so he's seen more people naked than most others.
If the whole world was one country, what should be the national anthem?|"""We Are the World"""
Veterans of Reddit, what is a humorous or unusual experience you had while deployed?|"Although I had my own experiences in my two deployments during my own time, I wanted to share the experience of my grandpa from his memoirs, who was a US Marine in Korea during the early 50s. The below story is the reason I started this thread. *Mountains on the eastern coast of Korea, early 1950's.* *""It was a normal set up with two people to a hole with the machine gun out on a point. I was the first-gunner then, and took the first watch, and my assistant gunner, whose first name I can’t recall, but I think his last name was Perry (or that was possibly his first name), was sleeping.* *All of a sudden, I saw this big, black object coming up on the hill. It seemed too big for a man, but nevertheless, it was lumbering up the hill towards us. I woke my assistant gunner, and he also saw it. Then it seemed to come toward us, then stop, then come, then stop. So I threw a grenade at it, then it stopped. Still too big for a man, but whatever it was, it was coming up the hill toward our position. It still seemed to move after the grenade exploded, but not too much forward that we could tell at night with a semi-moon. Then “it” stopped. So we both stayed awake and alert.* *By the way, the reason you throw a grenade, rather than shoot a rifle or fire a machine gun, is because the muzzle blast or flash gives away your position, especially at night. But by throwing a grenade, they (the enemy) can only see where it explodes, not where it came from. Also of note, because the machine gun can deliver so much firepower in a short time, it is usually the weapon the attacking force wants to take out first. For this reason, it was not unusual when we would set up, usually just before dark so you could establish fields of fire, to move the machine guns to a secondary location (usually the better of the two positions) after darkness has set in.* *Now back to the attacking enemy coming up the hill. Come daylight, and after a lost night of sleep, the object took form.  It was a big bush, or what you may call a tumbleweed, and it was caught in the barbed wire. The only thing we could figure was that the wind has caused it to lumber up the hill, and about the time I threw the grenade, it had gotten caught in the barbed wire and “settled in for the night”. As it turned out, we lost some sleep, but we had successfully repulsed the attacking tumbleweed.""* **TL;DR: Something was lumbering up the hill towards their position during the night, he hit it with a grenade, and by morning, they found out they successfully stopped the dangerous incursion of a tumbleweed.**"
What were you offended by today?|My cat giving me the evil eye when all I wanted to do was to scratch her behind the ears.
What causes the difference between a star that consistently shines and a star that twinkles/flashes?|Stars twinkle because light is refracted by passing through differences in air density, partly caused by differences in air temperature.  Edit: stars also twinkle because of micro movements in the eyes making them look like they're moving.
What do you think the inside of the moon is made of ?|More moon
LGBT Redditors, what is something people say about LGBT people on Reddit that you're sick of hearing?|That we're just meme-loving catgirls. It's fucking true but I'm sick of it.
Jerks of Reddit: how do you know that you’re a jerk and what can you do to stop being one?|"* Do you constantly lose friends and acquaintences shortly after making them?
* Do people tend to roll their eyes or dismiss you when you say things?
* Do people not invite you to places one-on-one? 
* Are people hesistant to tell you personal things about yourself? If so, you might be a jerk people can only tolerate in small doses or at large gatherings."
What's a TV series that you keep going back to watch again and again?|Archer
How high would you have to jump for the rotation of the earth to noticeably affect where you land?|I think you should take a basic physics class
Which movie would you watch “the hell out of” if the original villains were swapped out for Nazis?|Space Jam
Which song do you wish was never-ending?|*Wish You Were Here* by Pink Floyd. It's too damn short.
If you could punch one person (alive or dead) without repercussions who and why?|Casey Anthony
Who had the nicest butt you've ever laid eyes on?|you
Who orders carrot cake?|Playboy bunnies
What is the shittiest hybrid animal you can think off?|Snail and ant Slow and small
What would be funny to honk like bicycle horns?|Boobs.  Though the person that owns them may not think so.
What is the best sound that you can make with your mouth?|the roger rabbit please sound.
What are you getting your SO for Valentine’s Day?|Thank you for reminding me!
Bouncers of reddit, what is the best way to prove you are sober enough to bouncers when you genuinely are?|Leave without arguing.  We don't change our minds.
How would you diffuse a tense moment?|With an extinguisher.
What is the biggest parenting fail?|Sheltering them from failure.
Whats your opinion on horoscopes?|woo
Flat Earthers: What's in it for you that you have such an incentive that keeps you wanting to believe against all evidence that the world is flat?|Flat earthers are too stupid to know how to browse the internet
"AP/ Honors students: What is one ""privilege"" that you guys have over the rest of the school?"|Probably more discussion based classes than just repeating and learning information.
You last text message is now delivered by a pissed-off Samuel L. Jackson. How does it read now M*****f*****?|"""I got fireworks too"" - Samuel L. Jackson, describing how he's going to rain patriotic fury on someone"
What are the best ways to gain weight healthy ?|Eat more calories than you burn.
Your last posted comment is now the only thing you can scream out during sex what are you screaming?|Ugh take meat. Me hit ugh over head and take meat back.
Which current celebrities do you think are the equivalent of the celebrities of the Golden Age of Cinema (ie. Greta Garbo, Errol Flynn, Carey Grant)?|Morgan Freeman
What's the modern day version of Trustfalls?|Sending nude pics to someone's phone.   Trustfalls were you fallng backward  and hoping the people you trust will do the right thing and safely catch you.  When you send nude pics you are assuming that person you have trusted will also do the right thing and not share them with anybody else even if things go bad between the two of you in the future.
What are your favorite lyrics from a rap song?|Guuci Gang Guuci Gang Gucci Gang
What's the evolutionary explanation of vengeance?|Ugh take meat. Me hit ugh over head and take meat back. Source: am scientist that studies cavemen and stuff
When were you so thirsty that you drank public bathroom sink water?|Every day. My office is part of a building where many small companies have offices. There isn't a kitchen in our part of the office. The water for our coffee and tea comes from the central bathroom. I also refill my water bottle there. The water comes from the same source that I drink at home, so I don't see why there would be a problem. Me and my coworkers been drinking this water for years and there haven't been any ill effects.
What bizarre thing makes you happy?|Midget fighting pits.
Redditors, how would you bring a package inside your house without anyone noticing?|Creep towards it while hiding under a cardboard box
People that have tried alternative medicines after traditional medicines failed, how did it turn out?|Maybe nobody is replying because they're all dead?
Homeless asking for money: how to know the legit homeless from the lazy and scammers?|You’re missing the point
When people ask wait staff if an item is good, do they really expect an unbiased answer?|I've gotten unbiased answers before. A lot of servers usually like to give an opinion from my experience.
Driving Instructors of Reddit, what was the nicest car you've ever been in for a test?|Alternatively, what was the shittiest car?
What's something you want to tell your fellow Redditors?|Fuck you all
Who is your favorite tennis player? Why?|Marcelo Rios. Had a fiery personality and fun to watch.
What is the one thing that you really like but are ashamed of ?|"I like anime but everyone's perspective is like ""anime is entirely for kids"" They know nothing"
What is the advice that you now wish you had taken more seriously?|floss
If the government leaked to the media that one of the major conspiracies was true which one would you think is true and why?|The moonlanding was fake.
What musician/band would you like to see make a comeback?|The original Blink 182 lineup.
Girlfriend wants me to plan something for Valentine's day. She's wearing and dress and heels. Other than dinner, what do you do?|What do you guys like to do? That seems important here.
What would be the one thing you wish you knew the answer to?|What impact have aliens had on our lives?
Previous/Current users of LCD or Mushrooms: Did it turn your life around for the better? If so, how?|I ingest monitors for a living.
What don't you like about your job?|All the sick patients coming in. I'm tired of it. What happened to all the healthy people?
If you had the chance to re-do a bad movie, what movie would you pick?|The Last Jedi.
When was a time you, or someone you know, promised, “Things will be different this time!” and they actually were?|The *third* time I went to take my driver's permit test.
What is something your parents did RIGHT in raising you, and that you will pass on to your kids?|I will not give them everything they want. Children need limits and boundaries. I’m here to be their parent, not their friend.
Whats your absolutely least favourite trait in someone?|"Good question
Probably being uptight tbh"
If you could go back in time to yesterday morning, what piece of advice would you give yourself?|*DO NOT DANCE IN THE KITCHEN. DO NOT.* *YOU WILL GET A MUSCLE SPASM AND BE IN PAIN FOR DAYS.*
What makes you feel old?|Joint pain
You’re chosen for a scientific experiment involving memory erasure. Which one memory do you choose to have removed?|Can it just remove the emotional effects of a memory? I love the memories, but hate the pain attached to them.
How would you describe your favourite tv show using a haiku?|The gang fucks shit up  Mac, Dennis,  Charlie, Danny And a stupid Bird
"What is the highest' ""natural-high"" you've ever expierenced?"|When you open a brand new expo marker 😩😩😩💦💦💦💦😤😤
Whats the worst thing you've heard a fast food employee say while waiting for your food?|“Don’t spit in that cops food...”
Women of reddit: what REALLY goes through your mind when you see a guy with good posture and a confident smile?|He is going to try to get me in his van.
What’s the best Winter Olympic event?|Curling
How much is enough?|As little as possible; No more than necessary.
What's the most satisfying time you proved someone wrong?|I told a professor that he was wrong in his class. Turns out he was right and I was in the wrong class.
What’s something that has really happened to you that no one would ever believe if you told them?|A girl voluntarily talked to me. No gun or anything.
What’s the naughtiest thing you’ve eaten?|Vagina
If you had Tourette’s Syndrome, what would your preferred cuss words be to unleash a torrent of profanity?|cuss words
What's your hobby and what got you into it?|photography and the idea of capturing memorys
When did you consider yourself financially secure?|So many rocks up in my watch I can't tell what d timeee is
Where is the best place to find oil?|Probably Antarctica but thankfully treaties stopped people from fucking up the one and only continent on this planet that's not polluted yet.
Which celebrity death are you dreading the most?|Barack obama, if we have trumplike presidents for the rest of time, people wont even believe he was who he was...
If you had $10USD, what would you buy?|gas or beer - I mean I have 10usd I just always need more of those 2 things
What was your best excuse when you came home with bad grades?|"""literally the teacher didn't teach us. everything I studied for was literally not on the test"""
What’s something people do to be helpful but is actually unhelpful or annoying?|When you’re carrying a lot of bags, and they reach to take a bag from the inside. So, then you have to stop and shift everything around just so they can grab one.
How do you get out of an awkward situation?|Moonwalk
What are some of the most useful services or programs offered by Google?|youtube  docs classroom
What does Reddit constantly fuck up?|My productivity
Kid smoking tide pods VS Guy with arm on stove. Who should win the award for most stupid thing you've seen?|tide pods
What’s your favorite word in any language except your first language?|Zanahoria is a pretty sexy way to say carrot.
Comic book fans of Reddit, what is the best comic book company?|"Dc comics. !
 Marvel might be good in movies n all but dc ist still the best when it comes to comics and animation"
Whats currently a safe investment?|A jar buried in the back yard!
Who is your favorite Nobel laureate?|biggest
If your life was a movie what would it be called and who would be the villain?|I would be the villain bc I’m always standing in my own damn way tbh. Movie name? Idk something average probably
Would you recommend Computer Science to someone who doesn't like math?|I fuckin hated math until I found cs. Using it in a practical way makes it interesting, I think.
What are the best Black Mirror analysis or explained videos?|I saw a picture earlier that was a single black image that explained exactly what a black mirror was.
Which dead person would you want as your guardian angel?|Mine would be Bob Ross.
What’s the worst thing you saw a colleague do that just totally flew under the radar?|Saw someone spit in a cheeseburger at a restaurant I worked at, idk why and didn't ask cuz he was a crazy fuck. I reported it but think the boss didn't care.
What's the worst thing you've seen at a funeral?|I saw a dead person once
Decaf people of reddit, how scary is it to fart in public?|decaf? like coffee beans?
What is something about yourself that other people are jealous of, or would be jealous of if they knew about it?|My hair...
Why do you sweat when you get a new pet?|**WTF** are you talking about ?
Students of Reddit, what is your favorite class that you are taking at the moment?|Predictive analytics That reminds me I have homework to do faaaak
What mistakes did your parents make that actually turned out good for you?|Me!
What makes you angry?|Low blood sugar
Redditor’s that don’t live “traditional lifestyles” how do you fund it & what do you do?|Depends on what you define as traditional doesn't it?
If you could, what noise would you replace a trains whistle with?|women moaning sounds
DJs of reddit- how'd your first set go and what are your horror stories?|"I arrived at the venue early, there we're already people asleep and throwing up. 30 minutes into my set there still wasn't any CDJs, someone was driving them up from a few miles away and got stuck in traffic.
 I finally started mixing, the crowd was gathering and I didn't do even one clean mix for the next 45 minutes because I was so distracted by how sober I was.
In short they're will always be chaos, it's how well you can ride through it. The speakers later fell over and crushed a girl's foot."
What do you wish you were more vulnerable about?|my life
What is that one time you wished no cameras were filming you?|All the time. Cameras make me uncomfortable
What fandom has the worst members and why?|That Logan Paul guy. Seriously cannot stand his fans. It's mostly kids, and they're obnoxious
What is the most scariest thing happened to you while camping?|While camping with my cousins in Texas a man who was maybe 7ft tall or more came right up to our campsite on horseback. He rode up close enough to the fire the we could see this guy was huge and wearing all black. Couldn’t see his face but he just stayed for about 20 seconds and rode off real fast like. Never said a word. My friend was convicted he was the devil. None of us slept that night.
What are some good movies that you will never watch again?|shutter island
What is the worst boon you ever had to read for any English class in school?|Mobey dick
What kind of person makes you feel powerless?|A depressed person. I've been there too many times to really think that anything I say or do will change the way they feel. Even if I do change it, the feeling will just be back later. Smile at random people and hug everyone you can.
What would microtransactions get you in chess?|Different style game pieces.
What's one thing that COULD HAVE happened to you in high school that would change your life forever?|I COULD HAVE been shot. Or not raped. Or broken my neck. Or failed and held back a grade. Or abducted by renegade bakers and fed pavlovas till I was sick of them.
"What does it mean when someone says ""I wanted you to feel the pain that you caused me, but all I wanted to do was take your pain away.""?"|you are probably in a movie
Service workers of Reddit, what is the best recovery you've seen a s***bag customer make?|"You know, like completely starting to lose it, only to do a complete 180 when reason kicks in and it dawns on them that that they're wrong and being a jerk. Bonus if the realization that they were wrong slowly occurs after they've asked to ""Speak to a Manager."" There must be at least two stories about this."
Food service people of Reddit, what is your worst customer story?|"I've been pretty lucky so I can't complain. Anyway, this guy refused to order any burger from the menu or even take a look at it, and wanted one custom made, but he also refused to tell me what he wanted, he just said he wanted a hamburger and that I'd know how to make it. Mind you we have like 20 different types of burgers at my workplace. I made a classic basic burger and got yelled from a table across the place  ""what the hell is this? is this what you call a burger?"" Dude just order from the freaking menu, it's there for a reason.  edit: lousy grammar"
What subject have you been checking out just for curiosity?|computer programming. I've always been interested in it. Currently taking free classes through Codeacademy
When did you realize your parents weren’t perfect?|The minute I was born I was already packing my shit to leave
What's one event that shaped your view on religion?|"Part 1 of ""Zeitgeist: The Movie"""
What's one thing that made you feel like a total idiot when you realized it?|Where grills pee from
What's your favorite song right now?|you so fuckin precious  when you smile
What's something NSFW that should be SFW?|Nipples.
What's the most interesting open problem in science or mathematics?|Double-slit experiment
People who leave your unwanted groceries on random shelves, why do you do this?|I want job security for everyone.
Dyslexic People of Reddit, what's your favorite emoji?|Definitely Fight Club by David Fincher
If you were to die unexpectedly today, what secrets would come to light to your family and friends?|That I still love my soon-to-be-ex-wife and mother of my kids.
Buzzfeed Employees of Reddit, what are some of your favorite kind of posts to steal?|Number one will shock you!
[NSFW] People who have piercings on their genitals: how did you decide to get pierced and do you regret this decision?|imagine if it got caught on something *shudder*
what's your favorite 80's songs?|Africa - Toto
Do you think of yourself as a Good Person? Why or why not?|I try to be, but I'm certainly not perfect at it.
What's the most racist compliment you've ever gotten?|‘Pretty fly for a white guy’
What can you do today that you couldn’t do a year ago?|Well, exactly one year ago I had a cast on my left wrist. I couldn't wack off with two hands, now I can proudly say this year I wack off with two hands.
Givers of Reddit, what has your experience been with using the Reddit gift exchange, and as someone considering signing up for this what are the concerns about giving personal information that could be viewed by the public?|Your personal info only goes to your giver.
What was your most awkward fart?|I was doing sit ups to get my purple belt. I knew I had one more sit up in me, so I tried really hard, but ended up farting. My instructor and I laughed a bunch.
If you knew you were going to lose on Jeopardy, what would your question be and what would you wager?|"“What is my favorite sex position?”
$69"
What’s something you’ll just never understand?|The 4th dimension, we physically can't.
What happened to the upside down heart shaped bikini butts of the 1980's?|They got older and turned to pears.
Redditors who wear underwear, what advantage does wearing underwear bring?|You're less likely to catch your meat and potatoes in the zipper.
Who would you love to see in their birthday suit?|No one, I'm not a fan of suits, and I'd probably have to dress up too, can I just see them nude instead? Seriously though...  Damned near everyone over 18.   I'm quite open minded when it comes to nudity.
Bakers of Reddit: What is THE recipe for the best damn cookies in the world?|White Chocolate chip always go down well.
Ladies of Reddit, what are some Valentine’s Day gifts you’d really appreciate?|Some 🍆
What is stopping Iran, Iraq, China, Russia, and North Korea from teaming up and conquering USA?|nuclear weapons
People with pierced nipples, what did you nipples ever do to you?|They work as stimulants for the nipples.
If you had to eat your whole weight in one food, what would it be and how hard would it be?|Grapes, easy.
What are examples of where monopolies are beneficial?|For products you want to have less of at higher prices than a free market would allow. For example prostitution or narcotics.
What is the minimum age for someone to be considered a MILF?|Old enough to be an M.
How is the windscreen on the Tesla that Elon Musk launched into space not damaged from the temperature up there?|I'm sure the space X engineers would have replaced any component of the car that would have caused damage to the vehicle in the harsh environment of space. For example, the tires were likely replaced with solid rubber tires, the windscreen likely replaced with high temperature gradient resistant glass/polycarbonate (if they determined that may be an issue).
What’s the best worst smell?|My own farts
Why has politics seemingly turned into a point-scoring contest?|"With terms such as ""WINNING"" and ""libtard"" being commonplace in political discussion, it seems that many view their political preference in the same way they view their favourite sport team. Why?"
What's the dumbest thing you've done because of peer pressure?|Ran into a convenient store and grabbed a box display full of packs of Tampa havana cigars and ran out the door when I was in 8th grade
What's the furthest you've gotten using someone else's idea?|"Hahahaha.  Einstein once wrote ""God is the great optimizer"".  I followed that one from age 12 or so until where I am today. And to finish the implication, I can't stop because I won't stop the boogie."
Men of reddit, what is a tool (besides the one in your pants) that you never leave home without?|I always have my knife, and I *almost* always have my Gerber.
What are your techniques to fall asleep fast?|"1. Relax your body starting at your toes. Don’t move up to the next body part until the previous is completely relaxed. 
2. Listen to a podcast or music of some sort
3. Do a breathing technique- plenty to find online
- personally I go with 2, but of all the people I’ve talked to about this, all three seem the most effective"
Parents, what's the scariest thing your kids have said?|I have been falsely accused of hurting my kids. That was by far the scariest thing I have experienced and/or one of my kids have said. How do you disprove something that didn't happen?
What is that one awesome thing that you should’ve posted to reddit but didn’t?|Your mom's nudes
What do you think is the most destructive thing that the average citizen can obtain?|You can legally buy a tank in America, it's just fucking expensive. Also the main gun has to be disabled, I THINK.
What gif, video, picture, etc immediately has you dying laughing every time?|This one gets me every time https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
How did you know you wanted to marry your SO?|The short answer is I couldn’t see myself trusting/accepting/loving someone more than I love my SO
If you developed actual superpowers what would do?|Which superpowers? If invisible, I'd casually stalk Kim K.
What really simple fact have you pretended to know in public, but later had to google in shame that night?|when I was 21 I didn't know what a taint was.
What things are you most looking forward to in 2018?|Well I just bought sword art online on ebay, they can't ship it here fast enough.
What is the worst attempt at your regional dialect/accent have you seen on film/tv?|In Ender's Game, Ben Kingsley is supposed to be playing a New Zealander. His accent? Australian.
What happened the first time you experienced a car breakdown?|My friend and I hitch-hiked to our destination and called my dad. We were going camping so my parents brought me my mom's car and had my car ('65 Mustang) towed for repair. It was nice knowing my parents would go to such lengths.
What's the worst thing your teacher has ever done?|Cried while in the classroom. Those kids are monsters, never let them see weakness.
People who only take hot or cold showers, which type do you take and why?|Hot, because cold showers just are hard for me, I only take cold showers after a wrestling match
What is the best starter pokemon game for someone who has never played pokemon before?|Ruby. It's free on andriod and is by far the easiest to play.
College students of Reddit, what was the hardest thing to adapt to during your freshman year of college?|Having to use communal showers with 50+ other girls
When can the majority opinion become harmful?|Nazi Germany
Psychedelic drug users. Which is best for someone who has never done many other drugs?|And will probably be fun and safe and cheap I'll and see interesting stuff.
I’m 18 and just came into a lump sum of money and want to invest in stocks but have no idea where to even begin. Help?|Buy bitcoin when it hits 30k and then sell when it hits 8k
If you had to turn your arm into a metal, which metal would you prefer?|Caesium
You are an immortal, highly intelligent snail. You have to touch a human in order to kill them and you both get a million dollars. How would you do it?|Oh look, its this post again. How wonderful. God I love reddit.
In your part of the world (say where please!) what is the average age people start toilet training children?|What toilet? You assume a lot.
Amusement park workers, what is the craziest thing you've seen happen at your job?|Someone slipped on puke
How did you learn to buttbang?|me and my friend Tim were wrestling and one thing led to another
What have you bought from a thrift shop that was insanely underpriced?|I got an awesome 70s blender for $3 bucks. Best blender I’ve used.
How are you really doing?|just remember y'all if you need someone to talk to just message me
What are some good indicators that you are spending too much time on gaming?|When you watch your own gameplay analyzing every action you made to see what you could have done better.  ITS TIME TO STOP!
What is your top 5 action movie list?|The Matrix Die Hard The Road Warrior Raiders of the Lost Ark Lethal Weapon
People of reddit, what’s something you have to live the rest of your life with?|My mistakes
Hot dog salesmen, what is the proper phrase to get your attention?|"""Have you got a hot weiner and some buns for me???"""
If you lived in a different time period, with the knowledge you have now, what major innovation would you be capable of creating?|Penicillin... the crude tea/soup form of it.
Redditors whose hair, nails, and outfits always look flawless, what's your secret (and how do you keep your white clothes so white)?|It’s not a Reddit post, it’s a Tide ad...
Redditors who cover up their license plate when selling a car on craigslist, why?|I don't want the police to know it is stolen?
Why has there been a resurgence in people thinking the world is flat?|Poe's Law gone awry I think.
Americans of Reddit: If you could change one section or article in the Constitution, what would it be and why?|Only letting land owners vote would get rid of a lot of stupid voters.
What are some iconic subreddits?|r/nukedmemes
What has aged well?|Okami is simply timeless, currently playing it right now & i'm impressed, if only the opening wasn't so horrible
Did you ever ask your crush out? If so how did i go?|Yeah man I did it this afternoon. She said she wasn't free tonight.
What was the biggest lie you've ever told?|Im gay
What's the worst mistake you've ever done at work?|"Back in the 70s, when I was a cable splicer, I knocked out the telephone service to a local police department.  It wasn't just all their phone lines.  I took down all their burglar alarm links, data links, and radio land links too.  I knew something was up when the police chief burst out of the front door and sprinted over to where I was working, screaming ""what have you done?"".   Oh fuck.  First of all, I gotta call my the central office and my foreman, sir."
What was the most audacious moment you've ever had?|One time I snuck an Oreo from the pantry.
What are all of the terrible things that have happened because of the net neutrality decision made a while ago?|My ISP nearly doubled my internet speed for free.
Now that a Tesla is on its way to Mars, what should be sent next?|Clearly a potato farm.
Which Honda cars are the best for a 16 year old?|Who's paying for it?
What juicy gossip/drama is going around your work/school?|Fuck you Jessica, and your gossip.
Homeless people/people got no family, what do you think will happen after you died?|My body's already signed over to science. Every last bit of it, skin and all.
What's your take on Tuesdays?|Tacos are cheaper.
People of Reddit who don't have a specific job, but know someone who does or have some overembelished or entirely made up story to tell loosely relating to the duties of that job, what is your story?|As a lawyer, one time I had a client who was being sued for arson. We argued that the defendant knew what he was getting into when he agreed to let my client use his studio. Everyone, I argued, knew that Dylon spits hot fire. He  was acquitted of all charges.
People who genuinely love their job, what do you do?|I work at beauty salon
What is your solution for some of the top problems the world is facing?|We need more birth control.
What did you learn from the group projects in college?|It is an absolute waste of time.
How would you type out the sound of your last fart?|Blbbb—ppft
What’s the best subreddit community for fitness information?|r/fitness r/loseit r/1200isplenty
What is your solution to one of the big problem in our world?|Genocide would solve the Jew problem
Why would or would you not bet 1000 bucks a man or woman would set foot on Mars by 2035?|I would want to wait a few years before making that bet. A lot of it is determined by what strides private space companies make in the near future. But as of right now, I would not make the bet because I think technology has to progress before we see something like that happen.
Those who have ruined a friendship by trying to turn it into a relationship, what happened?|Roy got angry.
How is squarespace making so much money that they can sponsor every podcast and get a spot in the superbowl?|The same reason GoDaddy did for so many years because people are using their service to make websites.
What does your family put in their spaghetti?|Meatballs.
You seemed to have put your foot in your goddamn mouth by being unfocused in your answers to certain questions in the last job interview. How do you tell yourself that there might still be a chance or how do you tell yourself to let it go?|Make sure to write a thank you afterwards.
Women of Reddit, what goes through your mind when you see a hot guy?|"""Oh, he's hot."" Then I go back to what I'm doing."
What’s a rhyme or mnemonic device that you use and find helpful?|It’s been 15 years still use “righty tighty, lefty loosey” for removing my gas cap.
If one were to travel back in time and bet on a sporting event, in the full knowledge of who will win, would that be cheating/stealing?|"wouldnt be stealing.  ""take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it""  So.. Cheating."
Who is the creepy person in your family/community?|I don't know so I guess it's probably me.
What personal incident changed your worldview on another culture for the positive?|When I studied abroad in Sweden, most Swedes described themselves as aloof or non-engaging. But, I found this not to be true in my personal experience. I went out of my way to talk to most people, and yeah sure I initially got weird looks. But after getting to know them, I made some lifelong friends. Very social once the barrier gets broken.
When did you realise that you might be the baddie?|Daddie is always baddie
What are some of the easiest/hardest Guinness world records to break?|How many balls/boobs you have.
How do you prevent forest fires?|not cause one
If you can transport to anyone right now for 5 seconds and then come back, who would it be and what would you do?|dillon and take him back with me
Parents of Reddit, what is the worst thing your child has ever said to you?|"I'm not a parent, but I've once said to my dad that ""I hope you die at the lousy job you work at"" it was extremely harsh.."
How do you pass a unicycle rider on the road?|Usually run them over...
What are some pro tips for college/uni?|Unless you're Lip from Shameless you better study your ass off
Redditors who have spent extended amounts of time abroad, what is the most interesting thing you notice when you return home?|How amazing American grocery stores are. Not being able to determine what meat you're buying is never fun.
What was the funniest moment you had while playing a game?|Playing GTA V online a modder fucked my character up but it was pretty funny. I had a peg leg and an orange safety cone as the other, one of my arms was a tree branch, and my abdomen was a soda can.
What have you done that somebody made you do, and how was the experience?|I went to a strip club. It was aces.
What is an amazing piece of engineering that's used to fulfill a mundane purpose?|Roadway construction.
People of Reddit with diseases of the bowels: how scary is it to fart in public?|Like a ghost in the wind.
Everyone's done it, you know you have, what have you stolen?|Kegs from a golf course event lol
What activity did you partake in secret, while preventing others from doing the same?|if I was a Republican senator, what do you think the answer to this question would be?
On the internet: What is the best way to defend yourself when someone from your past posts on social media that a consensual encounter in the past was non-consensual all along?|You could always sue them for slander.
How old were you when you moved out of your parents'/guardians' home for the first time?|17
Redditors of reddit, what is the most reddit thing you have ever done ?|Reddited.
What's a creepy story that starts and ends with the same sentence?|I came home to see my wife and child sitting on the couch, I don't know who dug them up.
Is college worth it in 2018 America? Why or why not?|It's no longer worth going to college simply because you feel you should.  If you have certain career aspirations that require a degree, then obviously you should pursue it.  But it's too easy to go to college without any real plan, accumulate a ton of debt, and not end up with a degree of any value.  A good living can be made without going to college at all. Just depends on what you want to do with your life.
What's the equivalent of a free throw in other sports (tennis, skiing, boxing, football)?|The extra point field goal in football.
People of Reddit Who Work At A Fast Food Chain: What's the weirdest order request someone has asked?|I used to work at a Wendy's.  One day this guy calls in asking to speak with Wendy the hot and juicy redhead.   Once I explain he has called a Wendy's restaurant he proceeds to order a frosty and a baked potato. I tell him he has to come to the restaurant to order food.  He tells me he will send someone to pick it up and to let him know when it's ready. I tell him it's ready now and he tells me to put it aside and then hangs up.
How many graduate degrees is too many?|Oh there’s no such thing as too much education.
What small changes could drastically improve people's lives?|"I'm not sure how small it is as a change, but 
eat, sleep and exercise are important for me."
Who do you miss the most?|Randy Rhoads
What was the weirdest situation you weren't ment to walk in on?|meant
What do you think about Logan Paul?|A young manchild who should know right and wrong and clearly was raised not the best way.
What are the best song lyrics?|*But all the while he was alone* *The past was close behind*
People of Reddit: when wasn't it a fart?|Laying in bed one day a few months ago. I played The Most Dangerous Game....and lost.
You can choose one person (living) to sit alone with in a room and just talk to them, ask them questions, whatever. Who do you choose, and why?|Allan Cross, the behind the music guy. Id pay good money for an hour of his time
What does pee taste like?|Just drink da pee pee already.
What are some rap songs/artists to listen to when first starting out in the genre?|Nas
What is the best phrase to yell at someone when you are throwing a hotdog at their face?|"""I knew you didn't have a foot long."""
What makes you feel alive?|laughing
What song do you especially enjoy while stoned?|i'm very old and enjoy a lot of music that said on the rare occasion that I smoke a little weed i enjoy the hell out of Here With Out You by 3 Doors Down........it makes me think of several passed relationships
What is your favourite character duo in books/movies/series/anime etc?|Shawn and Gus from Psych
What was the worst winter storm you've ever experienced?|Germany. I was walking for an hour against the wind thinking I was moving forward, but turns out I went back a few hundred meters.
What do you usually do late at night when you can't sleep?|I'm a single guy, so I think the first option should be pretty easy for anyone to guess. If that doesn't work, or I'm not in the mood, I'll get up and take a hot shower then relax under the fan for a while. If that doesn't work, I'll play some video games for a bit and then try again (yes, I'm aware the light from the screen is disruptive to my sleep cycle, but I wear blue light filter glasses, and it helps relieve stress). If that doesn't work, I'm usually just kind of screwed. I have chronic insomnia, but I typically keep it managed with melatonin supplements. If it gets really bad though, I'll sometimes take an antihistamine.
When discussing your race, what do you prefer your race to be called?|Human.
if batman found a way to aquire a superpower... what should it be?|Echolocation.
What celebrity rumor are you absolutely convinced is true?|Marilyn Manson removing a rib so he can suck his own  dick.
Teachers of Reddit, have you ever had a student who seems to not care at all about their studies, but somehow ace all their tests?|Oh, yeah. Happens all the time. Fact of the matter is that the way we teach school is very imperfect because we will only be going at the right pace for maybe a handful of the students. For some we'll be going to quickly and they won't have time to learn the material, and for others we're going to slowly and they can coast and sometimes ignore the lessons and still do well. I tell each and every one of them that kind of flippant attitude won't fly in college and beyond, but yeah, in high school it's definitely possible to ace your studies without even studying.
What bizarre behaviors do your pets have?|My cat will only drink directly out of the faucet or a glass. He thinks he’s people.
"What's a good way to answer ""Do you know why I pulled you over?"""|"""No."" There's no point in incriminating yourself."
I think we all need a little more happiness, so what is something that never fails to make you laugh?|Classic simpsons
People of reddit, what does it feel like to fall in love with someone?|A slow decline into insanity, whether good or bad
Extremists of both ends of the political spectrum: (I.e Communists and hardcore libertarians) What does your ideal version of America look like?|The intention of this post isn't to spark a political debate, but I am genuinely curious what people on each end of the Spectrum would like their idea America to look like.
Security people who watch cams, what's the most NSFW thing you've seen people do?|this was a huge thread yesterday
What are you doing for your SO for Valentine's Day?|Stuffing his face with spicy yakisoba noodles.
What is the most upcharged items that you all are aware of? What's the cost / retail sale value?|alcohol at any restaurant
Do you think Reddit is censored? Why or why not?|You posted this, didn't you?
What turns you on?|Tits
If the cost of moving to Mars is just like moving to another country, would you do it? Why?|I wouldn't because it is hard to breath on Mars
Boston baked beans, who spilled you?|Twas I, who spilled your beans
Why can't we have nice things?|Children
Start my a new part time job as a bartender tomorrow, what's some good advice?|Go to r/bartenders
People with epilepsy, If and when you drive a vehicle, does the sun through the trees at high speeds pose a real threat to causing a seizure?|I don't have epilepsy but someone close to me does and yes, driving next to trees on a sunny day can sometimes cause seizures
Car Rental return people, what is the most interesting thing you have found when the vehicle has been returned?|New wheels
Have you ever been so stuck you couldn't move? Who helped you get unstuck?|"I got sleep paralysis one time, which is where you wake up and are conscious but can't physically move your body at all.  There's a neurotransmitter in the brain that suppresses physical movement during most of sleep.  Normally it ""clears out"", so to speak, instantly when you wake up, so you can move as soon as you wake.  But rarely, the neurotransmitter doesn't clear out immediately, which causes a temporary sleep paralysis, where you're awake but can't make your body move at all.   I had headphones in with music on, and Modest Mouse was screaming into my ear:  *""Are you dead or are you sleeping?  Are you dead or are you sleeping?""*   I was seriously scared that I had died and was still conscious, for a minute.  lol"
What are your stories from Sex Ed in school? [NSFW]?|Creep
To the flat earthers of reddit, why?|I don't believe that these people actually exist. It's just an internet joke.
What's your most favorite and heaviest thing you can buy only for twenty bucks?|Obese hookers
How did SpaceX get the pic of Spaceman in orbit?|Fuck off Elon Musk shills.
When was the last time you fully turned your cell phone off and what were you doing?|Watching a movie in the theatre. I don't understand why people don't do this unless you are on call for work, in which case don't go see The Last Jedi and keep checking your phone every ten minutes you fucking dick on opening night at the Court Street UA Theatre sitting right in front of me.
People who were in clubs in school, what was the worst meeting/event you ever had?|When no one showed up. Thanks for the chips and soda, mom.
What is something about yourself or what you’ve done that you will never tell your parents?|My mother and father will never know about the gross roleplay logs that I have in my computer that I use for alone time with.
What are the best pranks you have pulled on a sibling?|Left a glass doll that had glass eyes in my dad's chair, he freaked out when he turned the chair around to find that the doll was sitting there on the seat. He then yelled at my sibling thinking she did it.  Best fucking thing I ever did.
Manga readers of Reddit, which manga is in desperate need of an anime adaption?|The latter half of bleach
Which stand up comedian is an asshole in real life?|Louis CK
How can you just leave me standing? Alone in a world that's so cold?|Maybe I'm just too demanding?
What privileges did you abuse as a child?|The I gotta go to the bathroom privilege in class. Ah good times. Just to drink water.
If you could not work for a year, what would you do?|Reddit
People who have stayed in the same hotel as a professional team/club, what was it like?|No bigs. I played in lounge bands at hotels for years. They blend in with everyone else. All celebrities are like that.
What are some phrases normally used to curse people out in different languages ?|Hijo de tu puta madre
What have you always wanted to do but never had the time for?|"Relax. Its weird because the older I get the more stuff I want to get done and then when I actually have time to ""relax"" I worry about the stuff I could be doing"
What are some helpful tips to get rid of bad habits?|"Create new habits. A lot of bad habits happen under certain times/conditions. ie. ""I have a deadline and panicking so I'll procrastinate."" swap that with, ""I have a deadline and panicking, maybe I'll find the smallest thing I can do and focus on that"""
People who throw hotdogs, why go for the face?|Is this an epidemic I'm missing out on?
What kind of shameful punishment would you make criminals do on national tv if you controlled the justice system?|Sing Barbie Girl perfectly and restart from the beginning if you fuck up
You get sent to hell, but you're allowed into purgatory if you prove that you're badder than Satan. What do you do to prove it?|Fiddle contest
What is the best phrase to yell at the start a church service?|"""LEEEEET'S GET READY TO RUUUUUUMBLE?!?!?!?"""
Why do some countries still have 1 cent coins?|Because some things are priced at $0.99
What is so special about the Falcon Heavy thing?|1 step closer to mars I think its also the most powerful currently operating rocket system, and the reusability of the first stages makes it much cheaper.
How does the nonlocality of a quantum fluctuation/entangled system turn into a localized interaction?|/r/iamverysmart
What is the funniest but harmless prank you have seen or heard about?|I love you :3
What is your line of work? Do you enjoy it? If not, what line of work would you prefer to be doing?|I work at a factory. I love it. I get paid for stat holidays, weekends off, bonuses for attendance and holidays and the occasional free lunch if we can keep up our quality standards. Also, working weekends is optional, and it's damn good money when I do.
What is the longest amount time you kept a secret and what was it?|My secrets. Forever.
Anime fans of Reddit, what is the most underrated anime of all time?|Noir
What makes you depressed?|This question
As a necessity, what do you need* your phone for besides contact with family and job applications?|Meme viewing
How would you convince St. Peter to let you into heaven?|I'll pound him in the ass with a cinderblock if he doesn't
Why do you guys pump gas at chevron stations when they are like 30 cents/ gallon more than other brands like shell or ampm ?|some stations here don't have 93,so I have to be selective.
Redditors that have better vision than 20/20 what's it like?|It's blindingly obvious that it's great!
Creepypasta Writers, What was your first creepypasta?|NOTE: Please leave a link to your first creepypasta
What’s the cheapest thing you’ve ever done?|I shaved my head after I moved out for the first time so I wouldnt have to spend money on a haircut.
What is your biggest problem RIGHT NOW?|I want raspberries but they are all the way in the kitchen and I don't want to get up.
Which Italian last names sound sexy for a female character?|Alfonsi
What did you do to get arrested?|Walking home drunk from karaoke, not staggering or bothering anyone.
History people of Reddit, what historical events do you refuse to believe?|"I'll have to search around for it, but someone made a lengthy post on reddit a while back that the Rosa Parks story was staged.  I can't recall all of it but there was some compelling info about a ""less desirable face of civil disobedience"" (a black unwed pregnant teenager) refusing to offer her seat to a white person, so the civil rights leaders instructed Rosa (who worked for the movement) to do the same quickly, so they could shift media attention to her."
If every movie was real life, what character would have the worst life after the credits scene?|Hanns Gruber
What will the aliens think when they discover Starman and his Tesla?|A derelict ship.
What's your favorite video game and why?|So far? Battlefield 3. Why? Operation Metro.
Who is your oldest friend and how did you meet him/her?|"Oldest as in longest, or oldest as in eldest? My longest friend would be my best friend, who I've known since the third grade. My eldest ""friend"" would probably be one of my neighbor - he's about in his 50s or so. I mean, I guess he's a friend. We don't really hang out much -
 we talk in passing - but he watches my dogs for me sometimes, and I wouldn't entrust them to just anybody. And one time he ordered pizza, and he had another one sent over to my apartment already paid for so he's basically my hero."
What made you start giving a fuck?|Turning 18 and realizing I had responsibilities.
How long did you stick with someone before you realized they were a bad influence?|20 seconds. That's WAY too much time I gave that person.
People of europe, why don’t you like ice in your water?|Lots of people here didn't read the last word in the title huh
You just got offered a job at 900 an hour. You decided it still wasn't enough- what is that job?|Trump's Press Secretary
What’s the last thing that was in your oven?|Mini beef wellington
"What's your biggest ""they won't actually do this..."" moment in Movies/TV, when they actually did it?"|When One Direction did not win X-Factor.
If you could add, subtract or change one rule in your favorite sport, what would it be?|the delay of game penalty in hockey. just treat it like an icing.
What's the scariest thing you caught your parent(s) doing?|Having sex. I didn’t actually see anything but listening to what I thought was my dad violently killing my mum was pretty fucking terrifying to five-year-old me.
Stupid people of Reddit - How do you think your life is different? How does it feel?|I'm still really stupid, but I have God.
Why do some people's breath smell like they were gnawing on a nugget of shit?|They can’t be bothered to floss the piece of meat from 1992 out,
What’s the greatest entertainment ever made? (ex. Law and Order, The wire, Goodfellas, Shawshank Redemption?|Ocarina of Time, Spirited Away, Pan's Labyrinth
Restaurant managers of Reddit, what’s the hardest part of retaining good staff?|Former restaurant manager here. Treat your employees with respect. Keep your relationships friendly but appropriate and professional. Know when to put your foot down and don't let people take advantage of you.
What is a good short designs for a sports team?|Put the mascot on the crotch with it's mouth open and howling like it stubbed it's toe.
What was the best job experience you've had as a teenager/young adult?|Restaurant most fun ever.
What’s one of the “classics” that you hate?|Star wars
What event changed your life the most, unexpectedly?|Wasn't expecting a divorce last year, still going through the process, but I think I'll be better on the other side.
What is the dumbest reason someone has gotten mad at you?|I'm sure there's even dumber, but recently one of my friends genuinely got mad at me for saying a square is a block.
Are you a registered organ donor? And why?|I figure: why not?
What emergency would it take for you to move when the cat is purring/chilling on your leg?|Diarrhea
What is your most underrated comment?|Everything I've ever said😳
What's an absurd fact about you that no one guesses is true for Two Truths and a Lie?|That my brother cut me with a chainsaw (by accident)
What is the weirdest thing that gives you pleasure?|What do you mean by _pleasure_
People who make a living online, how?|YouTube is a living for some.
What's the thing your boss hasn't found out about yet, but could definitely get you fired?|I do a lot of drugs on the job, I use my break to get drunk, and sometimes I use the storage room to get intimate with ladies
What's your favorite Led Zeppelin song?|Black Dog. That riff is nasty in all the right ways.
How do you negotiate starting salary when you get a job offer?|They tell you the only salary being offered and you say fuck you and walk out.
Redditors with master degrees, what motivated you to continue & pursue a master?|knowledge somewhat, but mostly money. I could read books for knowledge, but the paper is what gets you paid (if its the right piece of paper)
How does one make a subreddit?|It's right down on the lower right, Create Your Own Subreddit
How do you know when you've failed as a parent?|When your kid starts watching Logan Paul and rapping Gucci Gang
People who respond to posts saying they know a guy who does this or I met a guy who does this, what do you actually do?|Mostly cite my friends’ experiences on Reddit to win arguments
Ladies, what is the best way to differentiate flirting, from you simply being friendly?|Ask
Margaret Atwood says men need an etiquette book for modern times. What advice would such a book contain?|Chapter 1: How to treat a broad
If Money didn’t exist would you still be chasing the same dream , why or why not?|Absolutely not. I'd move out to a sunny desert somewhere and chill. I miss the sun.
Extroverts who used to be introverts, what helped you make the change?|My job. Being forced to talk to people. But once I’m out of work I go back to introvert.
What's your favorite food hack?|Hot sauce on everything
What are the first thoughts that come in your mind when you read the word 'SJW'?|The first thing that pops in my head is SJW isn't a word, it's an acronym.
Best girl friend says she likes you, what’s your response?|It's cute that you think I have female friends
Guys who were unpopular in High School but who ended up with the popular girl what is your story?|Does this ever happen outside of movies?
What is the most underrated album of all time?|Paul Simon Graceland
What causes you to have that feeling of instant panic?|Lost wallet
What is the most disappointing experience in your life?|Honeymoon in Key Largo, FL. Hot as shit, humid, run down. Not sure what the allure is.
What is the most people you have performed in front of?|I wince played back-up stand-up bass for Roger Waters during a live showing of The Wall. There were tens of thousands there.
If you had 4 months to pick up a new skill/hobby, what would you choose to learn?|Mechanics
Office workers of Reddit, how do you stop co-workers from swiping your chair when you are not around?|Chain that shit like a bike
Why is it ingrained in us to start meals with savory food and end with sweet?|I assume the logic is that most people want the sweet stuff more, so we leave it till last as a way of disciplining ourselves.
Besides the obvious(Camera and Tripod) what is a must have item for a photographer?|Lens cap.
What embarrassing things has your parents or family members posted about you on social media?|"Basically i'm in a band, and my auntie posted a photo of me playing live saying: ""My cool nephew, look at him ROCK (followed by various  emojis)"". Mates gave me shit for weeks. I cringe every time I think about it."
What’s the best poop you’ve ever had?|This one time I was really constipated. I don't know if the poop was just too solid, or too wide... anyway, I went to the hospital because the poop was sitting right there at the base on my colon (is it a base? like right above the opening) but I couldn't push it out for the life of me. It hurt. Like fuck. And the hospital didn't do shit (hehe) for me. They basically just confirmed it's location and assured me it would come out naturally. Fuck them. Anyway, it took several hours but God help me, I waited that bitch shit out, and come nightfall, nature had it's way with me. More shit must have mosied into my colon, because something was pushing that bad boy right on out of me! The relief I felt to finally be rid of that mother fucking shitball, I will never forget.
What makes you think you're deserving of love?|All people are deserving of love.
What subreddit would your 12 year old self spend the most time on?|/r/gonewild
If you lost everything tomorrow, where would you go?|No where. I’ve got nothing
Reddit, what do you think 2+2 should be?|I don't know what you are asking me 4.
Anybody who has won a gameshow like Price Is Right, do you get the whole prize free?|Gotta pay taxes, bruh
At what point does a person become a weeaboo?|"When they wobble but don't fall down. 
Or is that Weebles?"
What would be terrible to have on an endless loop?|Endless Eights
What would you do if a cop threatened you without cause?|Let him keep threatening me..? He's already clearly pissed about something. I'm not gonna argue and I'm certainly not gonna resist. I like not dying
Whats something horrible that happened to you, that you didnt realize was horrible until later?|Well ill go first When i was a kid on vacation in thailand i was playing in the water by myself until i got surrounded by like 3 guys and they started groping and feelingy balls. thought it was weird back then Now i realize i wasnmolested :/
Would you quit your job to pursue your dreams? Why or why not?|It I had money to live until I made it
What's the best come back line you never got a chance to say?|"Seinfeld. George . ""The jerk store called and they are out if you """
What meal do you eat the most?|chicken breast, rice and veggies and pussy
Manager at my work refuses to put my schedule online. Is it my responsibility to call him every week to ask when I work or should he call me and tell me since he won’t put it online?|Yes. It is your responsibility to find out your working hours, you lazy shit.
Home Depot / Lowe's employees, what is the craziest thing that a customer was trying to work on that made you fear for them or others?|Worked in the loading dock of a home depot Pro.  Its slightly a cut above and at that time you needed an account with us which cuts alot of DIYers and weekend warriors.  But had a guy come in and ask for very interesting one off wood cuts. Pretty regular guy that only ordered and took in tiles/ bath fictures. So as im loading him up with fiberglass and wings and wood panels and misc assorted stuff, i ask him what he was working on.  Turns out he was building a wooden air plane like the wright brothers.  Yup plumber bob was building a wooden airplane from Home Depot parts. For a bet.  The plan was to use the crafts of wood and fiberglass and then a harley's engine.  Wish i knew what happened
What’s something cool you can do that most people can’t?|Crack my elbow without fail.
Redditors who have deleted accounts or posta why did you do it?|I delete accounts regularly.  First one I deleted was due to threats being sent to my home.
Most Western Countries have 'common curriculums' which are shared across the entirety of the country to ensure similar education. Could the US benefit from something like this?|Our states, from what I understand, are much more independent than in many other countries. Lot's of people in the us don't like uniform federal mandates.
What are the best topics for debates?|Whether the Earth is flat or not. This is because one side is clearly wrong, which means that one person is going to be trying their hardest to argue something which is not true. You learn a LOT about yourself this way.
What WOULD you wish on your worst enemy?|Infected butthole.
Beachcombers and metal detectors of Reddit, what was your most awesome find?|100 year old galvanized metal bucket. Woo hoo!
Those who were in Frats/Sororities, what was your worst hazing experience?|“We don’t haze, we make men”
Americans of reddit, how have your interactions with locals been during your travels in the past year?|Eh, could be worse. Wish they stopped asking about Donald Trump. I traveled over there to not talk about him.
what the most offensive thing someone has said to you without meaning to be malicious ?|I though it was easy for white people to get jobs.
If you could add one mandatory course to the high school curriculum, what would it be and why?|I would add civics. I realize some other states require it but where I live it isn’t and a startling amount of people don’t know important facts about how our government works.
"What made you and how did you find your ""call"" in life?"|I don't think I am in my final form yet. At 15 vs 25 vs now 36 I am a completely different person and slowly get more truer and truer to myself as I get older. I found an obession and a calling in life that makes me happy now. At a younger age I would have never seen this being a calling. It's tough to claim when your finished and what your true calling is.
Who is your favorite Redditor and why?|I'm my favorite Redditor.
What would you like to know more about but can't find a way to learn?|Calculus so I can transfer to a university and move on with my life.
AskReddit, what chrome extensions are fun or helpful?|Adblock
What's the best flavor in gummy form?|Tide Pod.
If you were asked to write a character reference for your best friend, what kind of anecdotes would you put in it?|If for criminal defense. Things that will show the judge they are kind, compassionate, honest, trusworthty. Humanize them so they are not just a criminal. Show that they are remorseful for their actions.
What is the most interesting thing you can think of being launched into space?|A bunch of skeletons reenacting an important event.
Explain how having “zero sugar” drinks are better than one that have sugar. Isn’t the stuff used to substitute sugar worse?|Less calories? I would never eat something labeles as light unless i start getting super fat.
What foods come from your country or culture make you think your people actually hate food?|SPAM
"How would you best describe or explain the term ""bitter-sweet""?"|your grandparent dying, if they were in a lot of pain and suffering.
What celebrity is widely regarded as hot and you just don't see it?|All the Kardashian's
What is your camping gone right story?|I've never gone camping because I need better camping than tenting.  I can't live without a bed and a bathroom.
What is the best food and drink combination?|Coke and pizza
MORTAL KOMBAT fans! What does the new James Wan reboot have to have?|A soundtrack as good as the original film
What do a lot of people tend to criticize without knowing all of the fact or understanding the details?|every single thing there is in this world
Cabbages and Kings of Reddit: Why is the sea is boiling hot, and do pigs have wings?|Ummm...what?
A young4 woman is attending her mother's funeral. While there, she meets a man she has never seen before and falls in love immediately. After the funeral she tries to find him but cannot. Several days later she kills her sister.Why does she kill her sister?|So the same people come to the funeral and she can meet him again.
Why is hunting/fishing considered terrible by environmentalists?|Because they don't understand overpopulation and conservation.
How was your first kiss like?|Pretty great
Why hasn’t our society decided to allow people to link their ID cards to their phone’s wallets, just like the bank cards, yet?|Because anything to do with the government is the last thing to change and innovate because they hate people
What is the most common complaint and compliment someone gives you?|"Complaint—I ask too many questions.
Compliment—my nail polish and tattoos"
So what did you have of breakfast today?|2 pop tarts
How do you think the scientific community and society at large would react if we found basic yet multi-cellular life on Europa, Titan, Mars, and Venus within two years?|Excited.
What is your highest rated post and comment?|My highest comment was about 600 It was a joke about how Dwayne Johnson and The Rock look alike
What is a job that requires little work but pays a lot of money for someone who is well-educated?|apparently being the POTUS
How do you picture a number line in your mind?|I picture it like I picture everything else. I dunno how to explain it. And sometimes I have a frog leaping from number to number :)
Whats the gayest thing thats ever happened to you?|Going on tumblr once, barely survived and became asexual
"Physics experts, what makes you think Dewayne ""the Rock"" Johnson would be able to make the jump depicted in the promotional poster for his new film ""Skyscraper""?"|https://fsmedia.imgix.net/17/a0/bd/fd/ffaf/4398/a177/f4ed3456eb89/skyscraper-film-poster.jpeg This is the image in question.
Could someone go up to the SpaceX roadster and take it? Does SpaceX still own it? If you could take it would it be legal? Is it parked legally? If you killed someone in it what country would you have to answer to?|Essentially what interesting rules are applied to the roadster?
What is something you shouldn't do naked?|Go to work.
What is something you do that you thought was weird until you found out other people do it too?|Watch videos of GI Joe figures getting urinated on in toilets
What event should never be in the Olympics?|muder, doping, squash. To name a few
Has anybody had problems with their phone saying the SIM card is missing, dropping signal every minute, and restarting by itself? If so what was the problem?|My phone just said “No signal” all weekend. Turns out I got removed from my plan.
What's the Las Vegas of your country?|Angeles City, Philippines.  A city of prostitutes, criminal refuge, dirty business, drugs, corrupted government officials, and pedophiles... as well as all kinds of sexual deviants beyond imagination.  From growing up there I've seen my share of sick, venal things, and honestly, I never expected 2 of my exes to be child rape victims as well. Let's just say the Las Vegas of my country isn't very.. clean.
What's The Weirdest or Most Concerning Conversation You've Overheard?|"I walked past a grocery store one time in front of which a white couple in their 30s was having a very tense argument. The only thing I heard from the argument was this, from the man to his wife: ""You only budgeted $50 for cheese? What the Hell is wrong with you?"" It wasn't sarcasm and it wasn't a joke. It was serious, and the woman looked ashamed, and the man looked like he was ready to commit murder."
"What do you think about ""Fake it till you make it"" attitude? Does it work?"|Yes and it is the only way I made it though school
If Chris Isaak's Wicked Game is not the sexiest song of all time, what is?|You know what? I love that song but none of my friends like it at all. It's just fantastic!
What do you never want to see the inside of?|Myself
What's the best question someone has ever asked you?|Do you wanna go out on a date with me?
Aside from a wedding ring, what is the significance of your most worn accessory?|I like these boots.
How good is your english?|*How well is your English?
Have you ever found porn of someone you know? In what various ways did (a) you react (b) it fuck with you?|I’ve always wanted to that sort of shit is my fetish, knowing someone casually before sexually is a HUGE turn on for me
Reddit users who smear shit on the walls of public bathrooms, how and why?|Its fun i guess
What's the reason you decided to get Reddit?|Please refer back to name
What's the worst thing about life that no one tells you about?|Being an adult isn't that great.
What is the worst thing you’ve ever opened the door to see?|"Summer camp one year. Opened the door to the boy's restroom to discover a remarkably cylindrical turd about 12"" long and maybe 2"" wide on the floor before me. Given I was tasked with ""cleaning"" the restroom, I had to squeegee that mofo down the floor drain."
When did bad haircuts become a thing in men’s soccer?|If people keep chanting wanker at you. You should at least look the part
What was the happiest moment in your life and why?|When I got a haircut
What’s one thing that excited you as a kid, but is now unfulfilling as an adult?|Holidays and big family gatherings
What makes someone physically attractive ?|Not being overweight
Redditors with a degree in Women's studies/Gender studies, how's your career going?|Their shifts at Starbucks last until 10pm. Ask again later.
Can someone who is sincere not be trustworthy?|absolutely. You can believe your lie, and preach it like the truth.
Redditors who learned to speak Spanish, what are some tips for someone wanting to learn to speak it?|Like with any language, keep yourself exposed to it or you'll lose it. Learn the sounds each letter makes. There aren't any trick phonemes like in English. Everything is pronounced as it's spelled. It has a passing similarity to Latin (being a Romance language and all...) so that can help a bit to make at least an educated guess for unfamiliar words.
What are you actually surprised does not exist yet?|Chocolate that looks like elephant dung
What's something you love and hate about your SO?|"Love: He's so godamn adorable. 
Hate: He's a terrible driver. Don't put him behind the wheel, you'll never get to your destination on time with how slow he is"
What's a phrase you're dying to have an opportunity to say?|10 grand? Let me get my wallet
Reddit, How Will WWIII Be Fought: Conventional, Nuclear, Or Cyber?|Passive aggressive tweets
What was your most horrifying mistext where you sent the wrong text to the wrong person?|I sent a porn link to my grandma once
People who have been attacked or had near misses with dangerous animals, what is your story?|I picked up a rabbit once and it shit on me.
What's the craziest High School Fight you have personally witnessed and or recorded?|Saw a girl try to put another girl in a trashcan once. It's on YouTube I think
What food or drink is your crack?|Lemonade, lemon juice. Anything that is sour and sweet in the citrus way and not the chinese way.
If you were to create a new 'Voyager Golden Record' to send to the far reaches of space, what kinds of things would you put on it?|Venga Boys discography. Either they'll want to come for crazy Euro Dance fun or they'll take 'The Venga Bus is Coming' as a threat and stay away.
How do you deal with moving away to a different state? How do you not get sad over leaving behind friends and places?|you will be sad
Which end of the world theory is the scariest to you?|The ones that seem plausible...Like a ruined economy, lack of fresh water, food shortages. The world probably wouldn't end...but people would.
With Elon Musk recently sending his Tesla in to space, what would you send up there and why?|Imma send myself
what is a song we all need to hear?|"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miomuSGoPzI
chicken attack"
Humans of Reddit, what is the best color?|Blue
What's something that makes you cringe when you see it out in public?|Living in England, I hate seeing men without any top on when it’s like 18c outside. Fine on the beach, not ok in the local supermarket!
"Why do you think people think it matters if you ""know"" someone or not? What do you think this fundamentally indicates about our current state of being?"|"For purposes of getting a job, it can certainly help if you ""know"" someone; it enables you to leapfrog ahead of other candidates by having an ""in"" with someone high up in the corporate food chain."
"Mobile users, type ""You're"" and let your phone's predictive text finish. What do you get?"|You're welcome to be a screaming at us and telling my brother to give them our contract.
Redditors who leave empty drinks/popcorn bags in the movie theater, what exactly makes it so hard to put them in the garbage?|first off, I'm a guy who throws the stuff away. That being said...the ludicrous price of the drinks and popcorn *does* pay the salary of people that are paid to pick up the trash
What do you like the most that people finds it boring?|Driving without a destination.
I’m in need of a good laugh. What stupid names are parents giving their kids nowadays?|My name is TREBOR. (B intended)
Jacks of all trades and (Masters of none), what interests have you partaken in so far?|all
What is the best thing you ever ate?|Crab stuffed Halibut at Jake's Famous Crawfish in Portland, OR.
What is something someone has said to you that has stayed with you for no apparent reason?|"I swear to God this happened, most people don't believe it. I was at a restaurant in the bathroom. I went to the sink to wash my hands and was standing next to an older man who was looking at his face in the mirror very deeply. Without any prompting, he said the following: ""Christ, I'm getting old. All my friends are dead. Died in the war. Thank god for US engineering. The Krauts... they had lousy planes."" Then he walked away, and that sentence has stuck with me for over fifteen years."
You’re on the moon. You see an enormous meteorite strike earth, demolishing the whole planet. What are the first words that come out of your mouth?|Well shit.
When have you been pranked by a little kid?|i was about 12 years old and this tiny little kid comes by on a 50cc dirt bike and it stalled out on him and he couldn't kick it to start, he say's ill give you 5 dollars if you start this for me, i get it started he says ill be right back he takes off and i think an hour went by before i realize he aint coming back.
What is your best athletic accomplishment?|Winning our D4 beer league championship in 2015
What's an image on the internet that makes you laugh no matter how many times you look at it?|"There's one where someone asked an artist to draw Winnie the Pooh. What you'd expect is an image of Winnie the Pooh. What the internet received was an image of a horrifically deformed Winnie the Pooh begging ""PULL THE TRIGGER PIGLET"""
What's something you're proud of that you discovered at a young age?|Kinky hentai
What are some of the best free audiobooks apps or websites?|Check out OverDrive. If your library system is on there, you can borrow ebooks and audiobooks.
What is morality and being a moral person for you?|Treat people with respect
If you had the power to alter the size of anything you wanted, how would you use that power?|I have one guess what 90% of reddit would use it on first...
What would do 1hp of damage in real life?|Reading a repost (-1 hp)
What do you miss most from the 1900s?|Not being alive
Has anyone come across a Reddit thread about them? If so what was it about?|yes, saw a thread on T_D asking his fellow deplorables to downvote and attack me
How tall is too tall?|I think 8’ would be too tall for a person, but not a ladder.
People who have been in a serious car accident, how has your driving habits and awareness changed?|My what?
For the three and a half attractive people on Reddit, what's it like to be attractive?|If the attractive dwarf happens to read this, please PM me.
Reddit, what are good ways to secure a home against burglars?|Adopt Macaulay Culkin
Which crystals are good for protection from the police?|Crystal Meth
Are women more compassionate than men? Why or why not?|Generally, I'd say men tend to be more compassionate.  Women may be more emotionally expressive, but that allows them to have greater degree of emotional control and power over their male counterparts, who are often compelled to withstand any emotional exposure - often leading to an obsessive outburst of compassion and self-sacrifice.
What are some ideas or something a quadriplegic can do to pass time/have fun ?|Basketball
Are you happy? If not, why?|No. I got kicked out, I have terrible self-esteem and body issues, and I can't afford my only reason to live.
Humans attracted to women of reddit: are you usually focused more on one body part over others (ass, boobs, etc) and why?|I just like girls with a nice figure. I don't care about boobs at all, a nice ass is good but I don't really pay much attention to it
What websites make you nostalgic?|Neopets
What is something that was done to you that you know you will never be able to forgive?|Physical and psychological abuse from my step dad.  If I see him again i don't know if I can control myself.
Best party of all time, but you're not on the list. How would you crash the party?|"12 pack of Bud Light, a fur cape, steel helmet with horns, and barge right in. ""Dilly Dilly!"""
What is your favorite obscure genre of music?|Mathcore/Mathrock
What are Negative Stereotypes about Americans?|Arrogant, ignorant, fat, love shooting each other (and everyone else), believe anything, can't stop complaining about the rest of the world despite never having been anywhere.  Having visited numerous times I'd say none of them are entirely true, although the shooting everyone bit does have a certain amount of weight to it.
What was the most prestigious college you applied to?|Valencia Community College
What's a good gift idea for your SO (lady and/or gent friendly) if you don't have much money?|A key ring with something on that they enjoy, maybe a quote off a tv series or something to do with a hobby. Everyone has keys and they will think of you every time they drive or open their front door.
What would happen if people who were addicted to drugs were treated at a hospital instead of thrown in jail?|They would do drugs for the rest of their life because it only leads to getting help
You can own only one vehicle for the rest of your life, this vehicle is your only source of transportation, what do you buy?|A Volvo s90
"Omfg now our car got towed. Reddit, when did you start to ""spiral downhill""?"|When you start to only pay attention to the negative.
Have you ever been slapped in the face? What did you say/do to deserve it (or not)?|i told my mom that i did what she asked already and she said do it again, but I did it three times and she just raised her voice and slapped me. Told my sister I was the bad guy and she just straight up lied. no I didn't deserve it
Pot dealers who live in states where weed was legalized: how did the legalization of weed affect you?|None lol
What US states are American counterparts to European countries?|Finland - Minnesota
What, other than flying cars, jet packs, and hover boards, hasn’t been invented yet that would make you think “Now I’m living in the future”?|Food that instantly materializes.
State to live in for someone who likes being outdoors playing sports and laying around but hates atv's, camping and winter things?|Florida.
Uber drivers of Reddit, what's been your worst passenger story?|The passenger that tried being the driver.
Sports fans of Reddit, when watching sports do you focus when you watching or are you on your phone, ipad etc?|"With most sports you can do both. It depends on the game and how ""engaging"" the game is. By way of example during the 4th quarter of the Super Bowl a few days ago I didn't look at my phone once, whereas I was on my phone pretty much the entirety of the Eagles-Vikings game, since that game was so shitty compared to the Super Bowl."
Excluding humans, if you put together all of the animals in their own team (i.e. all bears vs. all chickens), who would win a war and be the last standing race in the animal kingdom?|I think it would be some insect species.
What is a habit that you are embarrassed about?|Reddit.
When have you experienced too much of a good thing? What made it too much?|Footjob from two women at once. My dong isn’t long enough for that
What is sold in your country but nowhere else in the world?|My love
What is something you do when no one is watching and you would lie about if you were caught doing it?|Fart on my hand and sniff it.. But to be honest I'd probably admit to that, I'm weird.
Other than a family member or relationship, what's something you've learned to value only after you've lost it?|A good job with a steady income
People who have been to Gold Spike in Las Vegas, how was it?|What makes it different than any other casino in the world much less Vegas?
People who have been in severe car accidents, how has your accident changed your driving habits and awareness?|My first car was totalled by an idiot. I was scared to drive for awhile but now I'm much more aware (good) but it causes me a ton of anxiety in a way that makes me overly cautious (bad)
People of reddit! What song did you parents sing to you in the morning to get you out of bed?|Nobody sang to me, that I recall.. but I do remember occasionally being woken up by my mother bringing in a purring kitten a few times to get me to wake up. Surprisingly effective, and leaves one in good spirits throughout the day.
What is the most dumbest question on the internet today?|^
People that doesn’t live in the US. How much attention did the media of your country gave to the OJ Simpson trial at the time?|Which one?
What are some of the strangest reasons that you quit something?|I quit listening to the all sports station in Dallas after 20 years because I was sick of their politics. I used to listen all day every day but I just couldn’t stand it anymore.
What is the legal situation for someone launching their own rocket and taking home Elon's Tesla for themself, or for that matter, any random satellite?|That would be theft, it still belongs to him. Objects in space cant just be claimed if there is no owner to claim them.
We all have one, who is THAT guy in your life?|Guy Sensei from Naruto
what are your thoughts on people that smoke weed and why?|I don’t have thoughts on them, because who gives a fuck?
What was the single sickest burn you've ever heard?|"""You are almost a quarter as bad as Justin Bieber"""
who is your real hero?|My mother.
What's some juicy celebrity gossip?|Most of them are secretly gay
Is there such thing as human races? Why or why not?|Yes. The Olympics are a good example of some of the races that humans can partake in. Essentially they all compete against each other and the fastest person wins that event.
If you could send one item back in time to be discovered by cavemen, what item would you send to cause the most confusion and chaos?|Mirror
What is your hobby or skill? What advice would you give to someone looking to get into it?|Cooking, read the whole recipe before you start
What are some good meme sub reddits?|r/terriblefacebookmemes is one of my favorites.
What interesting/weird things have you encountered in an elevator ride?|In college I once invited a girl I’d never seen back to my room. It worked.
On a scale of Mulan to Gaston, how good are you at expectorating?|A solid flounder
What was the most recent happiest moment you've had?|I’ve been waiting months for my girlfriend to develop photos from her film camera. She kept putting it off and the other day I had to catch a plane somewhere so she snuck it into my laptop bag, I went to go onto my laptop in the terminal and opened up to see the most beautiful photos from our travels. It was such a beautiful surprise!
What is that little thing that people do that really grinds your gears?|Driving slow in left hand lane
Redditors who have quit drinking. tl;dr why?|I quit drinking the first time I drank alcohol. It tastes bad and has no redeeming qualities.
Fellow Redditors, what is something you could talk passionately about for hours?|"1. Film and politics
2. Roman history
3. The philosophy of NGE
4. World War 2
5. Existentialism
6. Conspiracy theories
7. Human sexuality
8. Reddit
9. My parents
10. My sexual fantasies."
Psychedelic drug users of Reddit, what is the craziest trip you've had?|I did Acid once a few years ago. My friend and I had an apartment together and dropped at noon since the high will usually last around 8-12 hours. When it first hit us both, we just did a lot of laughing, I though my friend tweaked out because he was laughing and freaking out so much, granted he took more than I did. We watched a movie and I remember that the people's heads in the movie looked distorted and sometimes peanut shaped and oblong at times. I would then look over to my friend and his head looked normal. I remember staring at the stucco ceiling and it would move like a river. I probably spent a fair amount of time just watching the ceiling. My friend insisted that we stay hydrated during our trip because he heard that it could prolong our high. This meant multiple trips to the bathroom. I went to the bathroom a few times and It looked like my stream of pee was a rainbow. I was pissing rainbows! I would say that my hallucinations were mild. I didn't imagine any living beings like you often hear about or see in movies or TV. We came down around 11pm and a friend of ours drove us to Bojangles and we ate biscuits. It was a decent experience overall.
What's a good joke that'll get a 6 yr old giggling?|"Kid:  Hey Dad, I think I need a new butt. 
Dad:. Why?
Kid:. Because mine has a crack in it."
How do you discover new music?|Discover weekly on Spotify is always good, but for me it usually only plays one genre. I usually start artist radio stations and kinda branch off from there.
What is a great Valentine's Day poem that incorporates Mexican food?|Salsa is red. Corn chips are blue. The second stanza is on you.
What is one of the saddest songs you've ever heard and why?|Say Hello to Goodbye by Shontelle It's soft, melodic, and the message I get from listening to the song is quite sad apparently.
What sound will get you out of bed no matter how tired you are or how long you've been asleep?|The sound of my dog throwing up
Non-religious people of Reddit, what do you think happens after death? Do you believe in an afterlife?|I'm pretty sure it's almost exactly like the being put under for surgery experience without the waking up part later.
You've been given the keys to the kingdom of heaven and tasked with putting together the greatest band to ever hit the stage. Who do you choose and what does the setlist look like?|"I'm going with both living and dead artists. All of them are now magically in their prime, in fact better than ever. Lead vocals: Steve Perry (sorry, Freddie Mercury) He would have his complete vocal range from his entire life, from the high notes from the early days (think the high wail in the background of Wheel in the Sky, and the feather-light delicate touch of Patiently) to the sheer power of Faithfully and the lower notes of the Raised on Radio era.  
Guitar: Jimi Hendrix  
Drums: John Bonham  
Bass: Flea  
Keyboard, if necessary: no idea   Setlist: wow, where to even begin... to be honest, I'd probably eventually want them to cover almost all of classic rock's greatest hits, and also the best, most worthwhile 80s pop. I'd probably ask them to skip covering Led Zeppelin's catalog, though, because nobody could do Zep songs better than Robert Plant did them to begin with. I'd like to see what Freddie Mercury could do with Journey's songs too, though, just out of curiosity."
Flat Earthers of Reddit: how do you explain the Tesla flying in space towards Mars?|Fake News!
What is it like to gain fame from solely being a meme?|“A walking meme”
What are some interesting jobs you can get with little to no experience?|Interesting. Pay doesn’t really matter.
Doctors of Reddit, what’s your most insane experience with an anti-vaxxer?|I’d say the fact they exist at all is insane enough, in and of itself.
If Energy does not die, what happens to it when our body dies?|Maggots eat it and then use that energy
What’s the worst part of working in the food industry?|The customers.
Blind people of Reddit, how do you know where brail is?|Ptornebw rjeirkfbf fnrkekbyb fbdbdvskak
Reddit, you're visiting your SO's family for the first time, you clog their toilet, and it 's now overflowing. What do you do (and please hurry)?|use a plunger, or grab the poop knife
What don't you have the heart to tell your friend?|That's sometimes she's an insensitive asshole.
Since a car was successfully sent into space, what should be the next object?|A car with some people
What movie title would you least want to get while playing charades?|Silence
Where could you hide an object where it can never be found (excluding space)?|In concrete that is being poured.
People that were falsely arrested, what happened?|Hahaha me too thanks
What should Elon Musk do when he gets home tonight and realizes he left his keys in his car?|I bet he has a wireless app on his phone to unlock his electronic door. It just seems like the type of guy he is.
Europeans of Reddit, how do you feel about the EU?|Get the goddamn Muslims out! I lived by a Muslim once and got cursed by Satan. Ship em out or draw the sword on em.
What slang do you hate the most?|Uber. I'm glad there's a company that is redefining the word.
What do you do as a side gig?|I counsel ppl as a human being at r/psychotherapricks also I sell t-shirts
What is a fact you have learned in the last 24-48 hours that you previously weren't aware of?|That the new British porn laws are going to come into force in April. I'd heard about these laws ages ago but I didn't know when exactly they would take effect.
People say, we’re just as bad as our enemies (ISIS) when we condemn them to death. How and why is this possible?|Because nobody needs to be killing each other we're all in the wrong
What creatures should one include in their first salt water aquarium?|Clown Fish
What happened during the best day of your life?|Bear hug from John Mayer.
What’s an instant turn off for you in people?|Yeast infections.
Is there a term for when you write a word down and it is spelled correctly, but when you look at how it’s written, it doesn’t look correct?|The term semantic satiation fits, IMO.
"What are some of the most ""redneck"" tattoos you have ever seen?"|A portrait of George Washington holding a confederate flag spanning the entirety of the mans large, stretched out backside
What’s a song that should have been named something other than what it was named?|Tubthumping
What VHS are you hanging on to because you can’t find/get it digitally?|The only real answer here is the Star Wars Trilogy pre-Special Edition. I'm never ditching those tapes.
What are the “Lamborghini and Ferrari make tractors” of other companies?|one of the companies that designs Ferraris(Pininfarina) also designed the Coke Freestyle machine
What is the biggest flaw in your favorite movie?|It can't go on longer, I don't wanna leave it.
How do you discipline your kids when you're into the public place?|Taser
Getting stiches removed in a week, how bad is it going to hurt?|You ever given birth? You'll be wishing for the mundane repetitiveness of contractions.
How much Reddit account you have lost for your fault?|I lost count
When was the last time you drank water that didn't cost anything?|right now.
You're about to transported into your own body 10 years ago. You have ten minutes to prepare. What do you do?|Write down all of the Winning Lottery Numbers for February 2008
College students, what's the best advice you've received?|>Chillax ma man.
Construction workers of reddit, what’s the craziest thing that you’ve seen happen at work?|Not a construction worker, but one time I saw a pull-up competition going down between constructions workers on a crane lifted off the ground
Why is Nicholas Cage so popular?|Who?
How much damage - in terms of city blocks - could an elephant sized asteroid do if it fell from 40,000 feet in the air and hit a major city?|The biggest non-nuclear explosive.
Reddit, how do you respond to drivers that tailgate and high-beam you?|Slow down at a measured pace to get the point across that their tactics won’t work
If “r/“ denotes a subreddit name, what do other letters mean?|Depends on the subreddit.
What are some human names that also go well with dogs?|Jack
What will happen if we discover we are not alone in the universe?|We’ll be more likely to unify as a planet if we knew there were possible threats on other planets
What is the best advice you can give to a college/university freshman?|Don't let yourself fall behind; get help as soon as possible after you realize you're getting lost.
What is one thing you wish you had asked a family member or close friend before they died?|What did you and grandma want me to achieve?
What's a random act of kindness a stranger has done for you that you will never forget?|Some guy on Twitter found my St. Baldrick's fundraiser online and donated $100.
What's something that seemed so boring as a kid, that's now interesting or exciting to you as an adult?|Cooking utensils! I got so excited about, then had to talk myself out of, buying a new frying pan the other day because I already have one and don't really have the money for a new one right now...
People with unglamorous jobs, what's the most rewarding moment you've experienced at work?|Finishing
If you could teleport, but you had to do it naked, where would you teleport to?|Riley Reid’s bedroom
Popcorn enthusiasts of reddit, what's some really good popcorn you can buy?|You want to do it yourself, get a Whirley Pop, a jar of coconut oil, some Amish popcorn, and learn to make your own clarified butter.
What's a little thing you never seem to be able to get away with?|Getting rich
What is a brand of products that you swear by?|Tide
What in your opinion is the point of life besides being happy?|working until you die for pennies on the dollar so that someone else can live a happy life in the billion dollar estate
What’s the dumbest lies your parents have told you?|That its illegal to turn the light on in a car while driving.
What must read book would you recommend to a novice reader?|A Clockwork Orange
Cheaters of Reddit, why did you do it? And did you feel bad looking back or did you own up to what you did?|Hard night,  eh?
What are some signs that you are way more invested in the relationship than the other person?|When you take time to show that you truly care. You invest time of thinking on how to fix situations that you and your SO encounter. You easily forgive repeatedly and the other takes your kindness for granted. Then after two years of long hard fucking work they disappear out of your life without telling you why or what happened.  Only to find them with another person. Fuck relationships.
Divorced Redditors: When did you realize your marriage was over for good?|During a marriage both people will usually fall in and out of love w each other over the years.  The trick is never to both fall out of love at the same time. Also don't marry toxic people, that's never gonna work long term.
What do you think are the possible cyber liability risks for real estate agents?|Unprotected cyber relations
"What was your high school ""I'm marrying this person"" realization like? How did it turn out?"|Mine happened in college...after the first date I called my dad and told him....13 years later and going strong.
What is the point of the movie Rebirth?|To placate idiots and make money. Never heard of the movie
Redditors with interesting and unusual professions, what’s the best part about your job?|I work at a resort as a dog surfing trainer.  Some people want their dogs to surf I guess.  It's pretty cool to see that they can surf.
If Reddit was a country, what would be some of its specialities?|Porn
What are you scared of?|The nighttime. Have a weird thing with sleep even though I'm 41.
What is Reddit cake day?|It's the anniversary of the day you created your reddit account. So if you created an account today, for example, February 6th would be your cake day every year!
What's the last song you want to hear before you die?|The Song Of Healing
Who are the most evil people who ended up having a positive long-term influence on history, and the most noble people who ended up having a negative long-term influence?|"""The release of atomic power has changed everything except our way of thinking ... the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. (1945)"" Albert Einstein for number 2 comes to mind."
Reddit, what personality trait is overrated?|Being blunt.
How would you react to seeing your mom in porn?|Finish that nut 🥜
Brits: why are your politicians so fixated on porn and the internet?|Need to work for a wank
Nice guys of reddit, what did you unknowingly overdid to the other person to be branded a creep?|https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7unue8/women_of_reddit_what_is_your_worst_nice_guy  this post is in response to this thread. I too i think was branded a creep lol but i learned not to be the super nice guy.
Redditors with divorced parents, do you have hatred towards the parent at fault of the divorce? What's your relationship like now?|No, I don't know if he's real or just another mind-fuck.  I went through something as a kid, but no one knows.
What’s the best album ever created?|My mom's photo album.
What's your favorite Indie game?|7 days to die right now.  Cant wait for Alpha 17 to drop!
What's the next needed step in the evolution of Peoplekind?|"Not getting a bug up their butt about words like ""mankind."""
What made you immediately click off of a reddit thread?|When I’m tryna just relax but then end up in a very very dark place like earlier today when i got caught up in r/morbidreality ...
What is the next sequence 2, 7, 8, 3, 12, 9?|Do your own homework.
What is the craziest myth/legend/fact you’ve heard about Bo Jackson?|He's actually a Seahorse. Also, it's spelled Bojack's son.
Who is the greatest real-life hero in human history (secular candidates only)?|Michael Jackson for me
What's the worst thing you've overslept?|Some math midterm. Oops.
What’s the biggest mind fuck you’ve ever experienced?|Serial Experiments Lain
How do you picture yourself?|As a drawing
Everyone needs a nemesis. Who is yours and why?|Shinji Ikari
How do you feel yourself, when you know that you've failed as a parent?|I felt worst, ever in my life.
Frequent Flyers of Reddit, how many flights does it take before you are used to jet lag?|As someone who works frequently with engineers who constantly travel, there really is no “used to it” there’s really only “jet lagged all the time”.
what did people DO back then?|We didn't get this population to 7 billion all on our own.
What would a president have to do to earn a 0 approval rating?|It would be impossible. He is always going to approve of himself.
How are those falsely Incarcerated compensated by the government?|They don't unless you can prove the incarceration was unjust.
What would be a fun way for a grumpy single person to spend Valentine's day?|You can go to the park and throw stuff at happy couples.
"What do you think about the saying ""If you’re afraid of something happening, it probably already has"" ?"|I think it's bullshit. I am afraid of  me being attacked by a bear. I have never been attacked by a bear.
What are the cleverest riddles of all time?|What's square, circular, and triangular at the same time?
What are some really scary ghost stories and/or scary woods stories to tell around the fireplace?|I once was watching the fireplace, all nice and bright. Looks hot too. But then someone changed the channel. I wasn't even warm yet.
"If you were in charge of ""complete overhauls"" of different industries (Education, Politics, Technology) of your choice what would you change, immediately or implement long-term, and why?"|Well, for one, I'd make sure that teachers are paid way more.
[nsfw] Besides furiously masturbating and fucking like crazy, what would you do if you switched your body to the body of the opposite gender for a week?|With my luck, I'd be on my period that week, so I guess I'd bleed.  But I'd still fuck like crazy.
What is the most heartwarming thing you've seen an animal do?|"Our kids wanted to camp out.We set up a tent outside our door by our bedroom window. Our dog went to the rear of the tent and lied down outside of it.He refused to come in at dusk and got many insect bites ""protecting"" the kids."
What's a strange saying you use that throws most people off?|goosh goosh
Who else could have played Jim Carrey's role in Me, Myself and Irene?|Ryan Reynolds
What's your worst nightmare?|Having a job to go to.
Power rangers, what are your unexplainable and downright creepy stories?|If I beat power rangers on the game boy colour does that make me one?
Skeptics of Reddit, what are you unsure of?|That our world is all that we can sense. Surely our senses are very limited and the universe more than what it seems to be.
What is the worst gift you have ever gotten?|Pretty much any gift my sister in law gets me every Christmas. JUST SAVE YOUR 5 DOLLARS HANNAH.
What are some great PC games to buy?|Rimworld /thread
Hey! What's that scar in the landscape?|CORPORATE IMPERIALISM
What makes you cringe more than anything?|When kids dab..
FBI employees who watch us through our webcams, what is the craziest thing you've witnessed?|Most of you guys are really boring, sitting there in your underwear with your hand touching your face as you stuff yourself full of chips. There was this one guy we used to watch, though, who liked to balance a stack of rubber ducks and toasters on his head. Agent 248 started taking bets on how many he could get to stay.
What do you love more than sleep?|Sleeping when you have the next day off
What should you never have your parents do for you?|Sit in on a job interview with you
Would you give up your smartphone? And if yes, why?|No.  It allows me to be anywhere I want and I can still take care of the needful.   Source: serial camper and MTBr.
What are some signs that the person you are with is a keeper?|They support you fully when you’re in a slump and make sure you get out of the slump.
If you were a serial killer, what would be your signature way of killing people and what would leave behind at the crime scene?|I don’t feel safe tell you.
Do people from Europe drink sparkling water when they work out?|I dont. Work out, that is.
How would you describe your first orgasm?|meh
What special perks do you get from your job?|$150 bucks every month we hit our revenue goal, and the ability to pet my kitty anytime I want (I work from home)!
What do you think you’re better at than most people but you’d never say out loud?|Using proper grammar.
What is something that 100% of humans on Earth would agree with?|we all hate me
Flat Earthers that watched the Falcon Heavy launch, what say you now?|That *still* only counts as flat!
How do you begin a bromance?|Tinder
For those who remember 900 numbers they used to plug on TV, which did you call and how did it go?|I remember 1800abcdefg ...
Custodians and Janitors, what’s the worst thing you have had to clean up?|"I thought the title said ""Canadians and janitors"" and I was thoroughly confused."
People of reddit, what is your definition of love?|Whatever I’m feeling now for the greatest girl I’ve ever met and will never have.
What will 2018 be known for?|The blue wave
What is your All-time favorite song of at least 5 different genres?|Country- All Star by Smash Mouth Rock- All Star by Smash Mouth Hip Hop- All Star by Smash Mouth Classical- All Star by Smash Mouth Jazz- All Star by Smash Mouth
Insomniacs, what helps you to sleep or pass the time away?|Computer programming, and then cry a little bit
What relatively minute, random thing seems to always have an instantaneous ability of easing you during troubled times?|i count objects.  it helps to bring my critical thinking back to my frontal lobe. i go into flight, fright freeze mode where my critical thinking is taken over by the centers in my brain stem.  the problem with that is i an't throw together a complete thought let alone a sentence. using a coping technique, i can bring it back where it needs to be and regain my proper cognitive thought process again.
In a world of phones, tablet devices, and the internet what’s still a good physical magazine to read or subscribe to?|National Geographic
If you could make an eleventh commandment, what would it be?|though shall not beat thy meat before the sex.
Whats your favourite podcast?|Hardcore History
What do you want to be the last thing you ever smell to be?|Vinegar. I love that scent so much and it would cut through my near-death confusion probably.
What is your favorite true story/historical movie?|Conspiracy
What is the most useful thing you’ve ever bought?|Four in one screwdriver
Shoppers, what are some unexplainable and downright creepy stores?|Kmart.  I think it’s the yellow half-light.
What sets you apart?|my incredibly unique and clever username.
What food establishment do you end up at at least once a week?|I wish I could afford food
Educators and parents of Reddit, what is your opinion on using comic books as educational tools, such as learning how to read?|I don't see why not
We love our best friends, but what’s one thing you hate about them?|That dogs cannot talk.
minimum wage workers of Reddit, how do you afford a car?|used?
People who designed their own majors (liberal studies, individualized program, etc.) in college/university, where are you now?|The military.
If your brain was a filesystem, what would some of the subfolders be?|Everything would be dumped into one folder with a good file naming system.
Dear Redditors, what is the most endearing thing your child has ever said to you?|You're a good daddy
80’s kids of Reddit, what was the scariest thing that happened to you while you were outside with no supervision?|My bike and I tumbled down a hill once. Had to walk my bike home.
What's your worst Applebees experience?|COLD FOOD
"What are you currently ""counting down the days"" to?"|Trump's impeachment
What is a painting that has given you an emotional response?|"Never seen one in real life that made me emo, but Van Gogh's ""Sunflowers"" in the context of the Doctor Who episode ""Vincent and the Doctor"" was kinda nice."
Is it stupid to avoid moving to the West coast because there might be a super earthquake soon, why or why not?|Lots of people have reasons not to do something. I don’t think this reason is stupid, but maybe you should visit there more often than move? At least with visiting you can control when you leave.
What color is the number 7 and why?|Idk why it’s purple to me
You are now Elon Musk, what do you launch into space?|"A DVD copy of the movie ""Armageddon"", just for the lulz."
Grocery cart wranglers, what is the most money/most valuable item you have found in the parking lot?|People do this?
You suddenly become the most powerful person on the planet, anything you say/want happens. What is your first demand?|I'd give trump taste buds in his asshole
What do you prefer, surfing Reddit on laptop or mobile?|Mobile.
What is your favourite Spotify song?|Don’t you mean song, in general?  Spotify doesn’t make music, they host other people’s music.......
What takes up more time and energy to cheat on then to just do what it is you're trying to cheat on?|Your spouse.
Why are consumers debating the cost of games and whether or not to give money to corporations when the internet has every game ever made on it for free?|"No idea, maybe because ""Muh pirating games is bad"" even though nearly everyone does the exact same with music"
What movie’s title fits it the worst?|Die Hard. People die pretty easily. Still a great movie though.
What is a demon you are currently dealing with?|My issue with spending money on stuff I really don’t need, when I know I need that money for later. It’s something I’ve dealt wit for the last 2 years, I’ve been working almost full time for 2 years but I’ve got absolutely nothing to show for it, I really need to fix this issue.
What is your best public fart?|Got to be in the supermarket with your other half, drop the fart then walk away from her/him
What isn’t scary that scares you?|Stairs.
who inspires you in this world?|To be honest this youtuber named MrTLexify inspires me cause he has lots of confidence that i always try to have
If you could have one Pokemon brought to life for yourself, which one would you choose?|And why?
What's a classy inexpensive food menu for a wedding dinner?|Breakfast foods
How many ten year olds could you fight before being injured or killed?|Who the fuck are these 10 year olds?
What is the richest thing youve ever seen ?|Michael Jackson, wish i would have actually approached him
Garbage men, what stories do you like to tell about things you’ve experienced on the job?|"""did you know that a garbage truck can store up to a family of 5 with ease?"" Some guy told me that."
Of the 10 Commandments, which ones did you break?|What even are the 10 commandments
What word by phonetics alone sounds less sinister than it is?|Ghonnorhea. A Honduran guy said it sounded like a beautiful flower and a Swedish guy said it sounded like a woman's name. It's really pretty if you can disassociate it from it's meaning.
What is something mildly weird you do?|piss in my cereal and eat it
What running joke do you and your friends have?|what is a friend?
What's with Scott Smalls hat brim in The Sandlot?|It's called a long bill cap. Very practical on sunny days.
What's wrong with Mark Zuckerberg?|He has social anxiety and loose morals.
What is your best excuse for procrastination?|I'll tell you later...
What is your childhood dream you still secretly have hope for as an adult?|To be a WW2 fighter pilot..
What is the most overused word in the English language?|like
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever seen at Walmart?|People just changing into Walmart clothes in the middle of the clothes aisle without buying it or anything
What is your happiest memory from your childhood?|Playing with the kittens on the farm all summer.
What are other interesting, weird, or messed up sections or communities of the internet - like ASMR vids or Elsagate?|The sounding subreddit
What is the last thing you said or texted to somebody?|"""hi."" That was around 11 months ago. Still no reply"
What moment, in what movie bothers you more than any other?|Asuka coming back to life while Rei is permanently dead
how do you get over your first love?|Don’t think you ever do 100%
What gives you your favorite wave of nostalgia?|music
If everyone forgot what happened tomorrow besides you, what would you do?|Sleep.
What is/was your senior quote?|Something stupid. They made such a big deal about it like you’re gonna look back at your yearbook and you want to be proud of what you said. Like I don’t even know where my yearbook is.
What's the most clever book you've ever read?|Maybe *The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao*, by Junot Díaz?
How would you describe the first time you masturbated?|I made two water balloons and tit fucked em
Which visually unappealing food would fare better if it looked better?|95% of curries
How would you describe your fashion or the way you dress?|either basic or emo or lesbian
What was your vasectomy like?|10/10 would do again.
Does the whole world of social media just steal shit of of Reddit?|Most times. They sometimes use 4chan
Why do students pick on the quiet kid?|they think they won’t speak up and tell anybody
Why is pizza circular, cut into triangles, and in a square box?|and it comes out of me in a cylindrical shape
What's your very first memory?|my dad holding a knife to my neck in the bathtub when I was 3
What are the pros and cons of owning a hybrid car ?|Pro: save money on gas, better for environment.  Con: electric car technology is still relatively young so odds are your model will be less efficient than the new models in 5 years.
The emergency alert system was just activated. You grab the five closest objects. How prepared are you for disaster?|Gun, ammo, water, radio, phone.
Is it weird to be a fan of sports teams of a college you haven’t gone to? Why/why not?|Not really. Sometimes it's purely a regional thing. I wouldn't really be attached to any school I didn't personally attend, but in places like Pennsylvania or Florida, where College football is a big deal, you end up getting people supporting teams that their family members or friends might have attended or oftentimes just supporting a team in the state they like.
Which should we go to first in your opinion the Moon or Mars?|Heyoooo
Customer service workers of reddit, what are your dumbest stories?|Sister worked in customer service for a healthcare software firm doing end user support. Tried talking user into using their CD ROM drive.  “Oh, my cupholder?”
Club is going up on Tuesday. What is is the best random party you have experienced?|what is a party?
What would happen if all religions were definitively disproven by science? Would this be good or bad and why?|That's not actually possible. Science cannot disprove anything. it just doesn't work that way. Evidence can arise that makes it likely that something doesn't exist, but there's no way to actually disprove something. If I told you I was from mars, there is absolutely nothing you could do to prove that I'm not. You could find a whole lot of evidence that I'm not, but you can never reach 100% certainty. My computer says im from a certain place on earth. Proxy servers are easy to use though.  There's no life on Mars. None that you've found yet. We found you in person, literally writing this very thing. You found the person who was posting on my behalf. And so on.
What other ad campaigns have captured hearts and mind(share) like the Tide ads from the Super Bowl? GEICO Cavemen? Budweiser Frogs?|pop plop fizz fizz wheres the beef?  id like to buy the world a coke ho ho ho..green giant
What modern events/people/discoveries/technologies/etc are going down in history books?|We will never forget Trump. His presidency has and will change the fate of democracy going forward.
Just watched Cloverfield Paradox...what does it have to do with Cloverfield?|Maybe this is what caused those aliens to come to earth later? A channel named foundflix goes into great discussion about films like these.
If there had to be a movie made about 5 years of your life, what ages would you choose and why?|18-23.....the raver years
When was the time you attended a concert where a great band was one-off terrible?|"Saw Marilyn Manson once and had a great time. Got me into his music(at least his early stuff) 
Sae him again, he played 2 songs and walked off stage.  Maybe he was sick or something. Not sure.  
Luckily there were other bands that night and the following day so it wasn't like it was just him. I learned he is known for being a drama queen and getting into fights with bandmates and ruining good relationships with bandmates."
What’s your worst McDonald’s experience?|They gave me cold unsalted fries. Smh, why would anyone do that to another human being?
When has sceince gone too far?|I say push all  the sciences up 12 notches
What do you wish you knew at age 18?|To enjoy what you got now
People who have died, how was it?|Weird
whats it like to be a doctor?|you get to stick ur finger up peoples butt
"What's your favorite ""Star Trek"" series and why?"|TOS..the one i started with
You are given a million dollars, but you have to bet it on something in the next hour. What do you bet on?|I bet that I can lay on the couch for 20 minutes and eat a whole bag of flaming hot Cheetos
What do you loveore than your kids?|Mmmmmmm try again
Reddit, what's the best story you like to tell at parties?|The ones that don’t make me look dumb
If you found out, hypothetically, that the illuminati was real (which we're not), show of hands, who's willing to leave their life behind, and join us, and how soon?|I'd rather not be a jew
What “trashy” food do you absolutely love?|salt and vinegar fries.
If you could change, add, or subtract one letter from your job title, what would your new job be?|"Data Sentry. ""I shall guard this data and none shall pass""!"
Religious people of Reddit- even though you believe, what do you think is stupid about your religion?|Christian here. The core of Christianity is centered on love, grace, and forgiveness. I'm not a fan of folks that preach with hate and are uber judgmental and self-righteous.
What is your favorite “The Office” quote?|"""I declare bankruptcy!"""
What are some little things that people do that drive you insane?|People in our office with their phone ringer set to max
Which Black Mirror episode do you think will be the next to come true?|Nosedive, it's already happening considering employers already check and will reprimand or fire someone based on social media posts.
What did people in your youth say would become of you, and how right or wrong were they ?|They said I was very intelligent and talented and would be really well educated and find a great, well paying job. Their praises grew when I completed high school with a technician formation in IT in a good public school that I got into through an exam.  Then I decided to major in Philosophy and they couldn't be more disappointed.
What’s something you’re damn proud to have earned by relentlessly busting your ass for it, even against all odds?|I qualified for a college scholarship worth about 10K. I found that out about a hour ago actually.
What was the funniest thing you've heard or saw someone do while drunk?|I exiled myself to my own trunk
What’s the most “movie-like” experience you’ve had in your life?|I walked my crush home under heavy rain slightly drunk (both of us) What I didn't expect is her to turn around all of a sudden, confess to me that she liked me back, kiss me on the cheek, and run off gleefully whilst I stood under the heavy rain in front of her house, overrun by vegetation that formed a path way towards me.
What local or regional brand/product do you love that people outside of your area have probably never heard of?|Route 11 Potato Chips.
What documentary recommendations do you have?|Any PBS Frontline or Michael Moore stuff.
What personal sacrifices in which you’ve made have ultimately & undeniably been worth it?|Sacrificing my free time to go to the gym.
Aliens land tomorrow and ask you to tell them something interesting about humans so they don't destroy us. What do you say?|kill me pls
Musicians of Reddit, why haven't you made it big?|Severe stage fright.
How many hours awake do you spend alone? Why?|Every hour, because no one wants to be around me.
What business will Elon Musk start next?|The soreing company, they make sore muscle lotions, and rockets
Do you eat Mac n Cheese with a fork or a spoon, and why?|Fork because I like to put the prongs through the noodle holes.
Guys of Reddit; which gender gives a better blowjob? [NSFW]|I'm going to stick with what I know and say females And I will not do any further research.
What action when done at 3am is more suspicious than done at 3pm?|Digging a hole in your yard.
What fiction books do you think everyone should read?|The Alchemist
"What is a ""life"" ?"|What one chooses to do in between birth and death.
Redditors who fall asleep really quick, what's the trick?|pls tell
You see a guy flexing inside a starbucks, what happens next?|I order coffee and continue to ignore the people around me unless they’re old or attractive because 90% of humanity has lost it.
Non-robots of Reddit, what grinds your internal biological funtions?|Emphatically irresponsible and irrational vocalizations of opinions stated in a manners that implicates them of being factually based.
What would you drive if money was no object?|Challenger Hellcat widebody, grand Cherokee SRT, and an S2000 with more than 100 grand under the hood
What are some time management tips for students in order to avoid having meltdowns in libraries?|Go to class. Do the homework. Study. That's pretty much it.
What part of Britney spears is the real her if her whole career has been dictated by a bunch of old men?|Theoretically, the part where she openly admits that.
What is the Pacer test?|I hope PACER Test or Progressive Aerobic Cardiovascular Endurance Run, is an aerobic capacity test used by FitnessGram. According to the FitnessGram instructions, it is a 20-meter shuttle run, where students run back and forth as many times as they can between two markers, using an audio CD to guide their pace.
What wears out quicker than anything else you own?|My back.
What is the most forbidden item you have accidentally bought on a plane and got away with?|I didn't know Amazon orders were forbidden on airplanes
What sorts of accessories/gadgets do you keep in your car?|multi tool, some small bills, rain coat, jumper cables, hat, air freshener
What is a political discussion board/forum/subreddit that ISN'T just a gigantic circlejerk of straw man arguments?|r/NeutralPolitics
What TV show has the best intro music?|Sopranos wins. That montage of Tony driving, with the music,and the statue of liberty in the background, just perfect.
What job or industry well cease to exist in the next 10 years?|Cashiers
What's something that seems attractive in a SO but isn't in real life?|personality
What is a thoroughly enjoyable movie?|Any film Denis Villeneuve made.
What modern day objects will one day baffle future archeologists?|fidget spinners
Dear Parents of Reddit, what are some troubling things you have seen your child do?|Smack another kid for taking a toy from him.
What would you be doing right now if the internet never existed?|Reading a book.
What is the first top secret you are told as the newly elected president of the United States?|Who really killed JFK.
What do you want tinder to reduce or eliminate...besides you not getting matches or messages?|Bots
What time and location in history would you least like to experience?|Working a dead end job, for peanuts.
What is your embarassing moment that keeps you awake at night?|I wish that there was only one...
What’s your most depressing procrastination story?|I procrastinated changing an IGCSE from Design technology to Art and now I have DT for the next two years. Kms
How would you feel meeting a guy your girlfriend used to hook up with before you started dating?|I'd ask my gf whose dick is bigger. If it's mine then it's cool.
What is the effect of excessive masturbation?|Naps
Military people of reddit who have seen action and engaged in a fire fight, can you describe what it’s like? What was going through your head (if you can remember)?|Depends on context of the fight. Some fights are fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, holy shit that was close. Others are like, are we getting shot at, i think those might be for us and they just suck......yup someone is trying to shoot us.  It really depends on what is going on, your responsibilities in the fight, and how many times it has happened. In all seriousness though, you are just thinking about your job and how to win, if a lull happens you check your buddys and equipment. Not alot of time to think you just kinda do what you are trained to do. Its the thoughts afterwards that fuck people up.
Dear people of reddit, would you get stoned while pregnant? Why or why not?|If I gave a shit about the kid, no.  Altering biochemistry in a delicate situation like pregnancy is never a decent idea.
Reddit, What Songs are Pure Poetry?|Gucci Gang. It even rhymes
Do you genuinely like your job? Why or why not?|Poster here---   Does anyone out there genuinely enjoy their job? Like from the ground up? Full-spectrum? CEO is cool, culture is cool, the work is cool, etc.etc. Or is there always something about the company, the culture, or the way things get done, etc.etc that just doesn't work for you in a visceral way? When my father speaks of his career overall, he never got to a point of liking his job, and same with me. I'm a web developer by trade and really hope that somewhere out there, there is a nice, peaceful, steady company, that i actually enjoy working for/believe in their product(s) and people. Or i want to start my OWN business because then at least i can choose my clients. But also having to deal with the downsides of freelancing usually keeps me targeted on finding a decent job. But do i just have to either start my own business, or cope with the fact that most jobs suck? Or is it common to genuinely like your job and mine and my father's overall careers are just two cases of otherwise many people with jobs they like?
If you had the chance, what tip would you give to your younger self?|Stock tips
What question do you absouletey NOT want to be asked at a job interview?|Where I see myself in x years
When cooking a milk steak, what % do you prefer and have you ever used grade b milk successfully?|Wtf is a milk steak?
Which car with which song playing in it would you choose to be blasted into space?|"A Ford Aerostar blasting ""Rocket Man""."
Which book kept you thinking days after reading it?|my struggle
What’s popular where you live that most other people in the world find weird?|Group orgies in the town square
After democracy, what is the next best form of government?|You assume democracy is the best when it is not. In theory...liberalism would be the best.  Second best would be none at all.
How do you use the sin, cos, and tan functions on a calculator?|"Depends on what kind of calculator. Google the name of your calculator and the word ""instructions"""
Reddit, who was to assist a girl with a task?|Guy lost a bet to me, Pm me to help with the hilarious task!
People of Reddit, What's the pettiest revenge you've ever witnessed?|Liberals seem to want to destroy democracy because shillary lost
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?|I feel pretty good about it. She hates me and I hate her. It's working alright.
What drives our fear of failure?|Our fear of failing.
How would you do the impossible?|On a mission.
"Ps4 1080p looking better than 2k Pc. Pc is blurry and jaggie, not drastically but noticeable and it bothers. 1080 on pc is even worse. Why ps4 have better image quality using the same 4k 50"" tv?"|Are you playing a game on low quality?
What kind of environment would it be if we were self governed and everyone took responsibility for their actions?|We would go to the lowest point.    The problem is most people will do what is in their best interest and that may not be in the best interest of the rest of us as a whole.   Regulation makes an even playing field between those who would naturally do the right thing and those that wouldn't
What does it mean when a guy helps you put your jacket on?|It means they are trying to be polite, care about you, or are trying to get in your pants. Most likely the first two.
What was the best group party game you’ve ever played?|Rock band when it came out
Redditors what is up?|NTM, just Making a list of the best gaming storylines
What is the scariest home appliance malfunction you've experienced?|Probably when the washing machine gets off balance. I hate that! It starts shaking and jumping all over! Scary!
What things did you care about that you no longer do?|I used to care a great deal about whether others thought I was acting like an idiot, as I often cannot tell. However, I think that I was mostly overreacting, and nobody thought anything of my behavior.
What's a movie where the vast majority of everyone agrees is bad but you don't understand why?|Citizen Kane. Always thought it was a perfectly fine film, about 7/10. Definitely doesn't deserve the hate it gets.
What’s your favourite Starbucks drink?|Americano
For better or for worse, what is your most memorable snowfall encounter and/or experience?|We had a layer of ice on everything which was heavy enough to take out branches and power lines, and so the power was out for about a week.  My aunt and uncle were in Florida, and so they let us stay at their house since it had power and they weren’t using it at the moment.  The adventure was fun, but it was a weird kind of survival scenario.
What is the female mating call?|"""I'm bored"""
What depression & anxiety medicine have you taken?|Xanax and diazepam but recreationally
What is your worst, constant fear?|Of being seen emasculine
Why don't lucky people admit they are lucky?|Because to them we're just unlucky.
Blind people of reddit, how scary is thinking you may have clogged the toilet?|Wait, how would they be reading this?
What's the worst thing about disney or disney fans?|Spending money , far too much . Even thinking about Disneyland cost you some
I’m feeling depressed, what’s your happiest memory?|Kissing my first real crush in a cinematic setting by pure luck.
What is an unusual, but good vegetable, to plant in a garden?|kohlrabi
What are some words that look/ sound similar, but have completely different meanings?|Compliment and complement. Actually the meanings are somewhat similar, so I don't know why they're different words.
What old wives' tale(s) were you told growing up?|the fucking Rugrats tale about how eating watermelon seeds will make you grow a watermelon inside you
What are the craziest/weirdest/most ridiculous things rich people do with their money?|Buy money with money to be lent away to be used to buy the money I used to buy money in the first place.
What lessons from your parents you thought were stupid, but realized years later were absolutely correct?|That you should dress nice to go to the doctor's. They actually do record what you're wearing and your general affect.
How long do you snooze when the alarm goes off ?|9 + 9 + 9 ect
What do you want tinder to focus on to help you?|More decent looking women with realistic expectations.  Too many drugged out princesses and catfishing trolls at the moment.
How would you react if your college GPA was below 3.0?|Cs get degrees, dude.
Redditors with long hair, is it normal to see a lot of hair come off while brushing or showering?|I think it depends on what's normal for you. I only wash my hair about once every four days, and in between I keep it in a braid or in a bun, so when I wash it or brush it a lot comes out. If it's always a lot, it's probably normal, if it's suddenly a lot, it's probably not.
What if monetary currency never existed? What skill or trade would you have for goods?|I think without currency we would be much more community based with people doing things not to trade for others, but because it was their place in the community.
What non-fiction books do you think everyone should read?|Without a doubt, *The Demon-Haunted World* by Carl Sagan.
If I’m 3/4 asian and 1/4 white, what would my kids be if my wife was 100% white or 100% asian?|Cute as fuck. Who cares about race anyways?
Movies where the main character ends up really bad?|that one movie with Jason Statham and Jet Li I think its called war
Whats the funniest or most awkward way you've ever seen someone try to cover up that they just farted loudly in public?|My boss let out an Anchorman style “hiyooo” once while he was in the process.  We were in a scrum and there was no context for it.  As soon as the smell hit us, we understood.
Casino dealers of reddit, what are some tips that could help us players out?|You make the most money by not playing.
What are the best stores to buy punk and grunge kind of clothes (other than Hot Topic) ?|Thrift shops
What's something you've been afraid of since you were a kid?|Bees. Just can't get over that one.
What was the worst thing a narcissist has said or done to you?|Took the oath of office of POTUS.
What song when you heard it for the first made you stop whatever you were doing to get the title of?|The goyte one
Chefs of reddit, what's your scariest workplace story?|I almost burnt the risotto. Like a STUPID FUCKING DONKEY!
Never ever win a Lottery in 10 years... How do you feel?|You mean regular life?
What's something really expensive that is cheaply made?|Fidget Spinners and Politicians
Dear Reddit, can you tell me how high school went for you?|It was turbulent. then it stopped. And now Im in college.
What is the most expensive item you have broken?|Iphone 5s
What would it take at a minimum to make you nope the F out of an abandoned building you were exploring?|Sounds of human activity
Reddit, need your opinion. How likely you use the application, where you can find companions for trip, sharing (loan mower etc), home exchange for vacation, free specialist consultations or receive samples of products?|So how likely am I to use craigslist?
What biases does Reddit have?|Reddit loves all things Liberal (but not classical liberal). Gay rights, abortion, minority power, wealth redistribution, socialism, universal healthcare, population control, etc.
How can you be in a serious relationship while also having a lot of personal space?|Balance. Communication. Make sure both parties understand each other's needs.
what do you think about when you're giving head? (NSFW)|This pussy is delicious
What's your favorite insult?|You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine
People who have gotten LASIK surgery performed and now regret it, what is your story?|I really miss forgetting to take my contacts out and waking up the next morning to the sensation of fire ants in my eyes. Ok, so I'm not your target audience after all.
What is the weirdest, sickest porn you've seen?|Mr. Hands was pretty crazy
How do you make dr appointments etc when you work a 9-5?|Try to make several appts for the same day and take the whole day off.  Some docs/dentists have early hours too.
Where would you put a GoPro?|On my doggo.
How did you discover your strange or unique talent?|my talent is that I can make people who really really like me and love me as a person, hate me with a burning passion.
What will be obsolete or nearly obsolete by 2020?|I'm not sure but in 2021 there's gonna be alot of hindsight 2020 jokes
What are some tips you have for an incoming college freshmen?|Dump your high school girlfriend
Married women- do you wear your wedding band on top or bottom of your wedding ring? Does it matter what way it’s worn?|"Traditionally, the wedding band is worn on the inside. I was told this is because it's ""closer to your heart."" That being said, it's your choice!"
People from r/whatisthisthing what is something nobody’s been able to identify?|they thought my balls was a dead bird
Comic book fans, Which Superhero is highly underrated?|Booster Gold
What are your 'intrusive thoughts'?|Sometimes I think of brutalizing someone evil, and it puts a smirk on my face. Or sometimes I dream up over the top revenge fantasies.
Hey reddit, using only emoji, or a sequence of emoji, what did you do today?|👨🏻‍🍳🥘
Former Facebook users: How did your life change as a result of quitting Facebook?|I’m a bit less depressed than I used to be.
Kidless redditors: Do you think that you will ever become out of touch with youth culture when you have kids?|I already am.
Where is your favorite place on earth?|I'm split between my bed and my shower.
Students of Reddit, what's the worst thing to happen to you before an important exam?|Diarrhea
As a quadriplegic I struggle daily with almost everything what do you struggle with?|Eye contact
Reddit has finally perfected the search function, what is the first thing you look up?|Let's keep the questions within the realm of reality.
What is the best song to hear on piano?|Fur Elise
What is one workout tip that you wished you learned when you first started training?|Hung pow chicken make me money
What helped you move on?|Legs
Does the Tesla Roadster that Elon Musk sent to space have its stock battery? What happens to batteries in space?|Since space is a vacuum, cheap autozone batteries never lose their charge. EVER
Why is unemployment so much more satisfying?|I didn’t know you had Reddit, wife!
Women, what honestly goes through your mind when an ugly man tries to woo you?|You should ask them the next time you talk to one
What’s a common piece of advice that is actually terrible?|Life isn't fair
What is the craziest lucid dreaming experience you have encountered?|All of my lucid dreams end up being apocalyptic wastelands.
Deaf people of Reddit, what do you think sound is?|is it a type of food?
Married people of Reddit, what is the last thing you argued with your spouse about?|"Ummmm. Our arguments are never really serious or last long.  Today I asked if he wanted anything from taco bell.  He said no. I got something from taco bell. He was like....wtf woman?? Like legit sad lol. Sorry dude, you said you didn't want anything. Shoulda told me! 
Then later we argued over my farts..which are a consequence of taco bell.   
<3"
What’s the worst bumper sticker you’ve ever seen?|“I’m with Her”
Redditors, what's the best/worst post you've seen which has gotten a gold?|This one
What was the worst thing you ever took a bite of?|Durian craftily hidden under a layer of chocolate.  The shell of chocolate keeps you from smelling it until it’s too late.
What did you do today that you regret?|I regret everything.  I'm not a real person.
What’s the nicest thing you did for someone today?|staying away from them
People who have met their heroes, were they who you expected them to be?|I've had delusions about mine. During my delirium.
Elite individuals of Reddit, what post or comment got you your first reddit gold?|This one, ideally.
who/what caused your sexual awakening?|just leaving this comment here so I can comeback later and read some good stories
If you could take off work tomorrow what would you do?|Sleep
Who's going to pay for the wall?|Everyone.
You wake up a pokemon master with access to any 6 starters of your choosing who are your 6?|Blastoise, Gyrodos, Zapdos, Primape, Ninetails, and Gengar.
Reddit, what is simultaneously really cool and completely pointless?|Sending a roadster to Mars
What happened on your birthday in history?|Nice try, identity theif
Redditors, What app do you use the most?|Reddit
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done to your roommate?|I like to unplug the modem when he’s top 10 in Fortnite.
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve caught your roommate doing?|Studying
What is the biggest lie you've ever told that people actually believed?|Having a large dong.
What are the best at home teeth whitening products?|Brushing
How do you honestly feel about Black Lives Matter?|MLK jr. had it right, this current group does not.
You have lunch scheduled with Kim Jong-Un tomorrow. What will you ask him?|"How ""Godzilla proof"" is your country?"
What is the most odd craigslist ad you've seen?|The one from the dude in Oregon who wanted to have sex during the Eclipse this last year
They say you should spend 30% of your gross income on rent. Redditors, where do you live and what percent of your income goes to rent?|San Diego, CA. A bit under 20 percent.
What would you do if you had a million dollars and you could only spend it on the person you hated the most, but it could only benefit their life?|I mean. I hate myself so...
How much do you usually tip for service?|I don't. Tipping is an archaic system that doesn't belong in modern day America
What is the funniest “safe word” you have ever used?|"""Combination,"" because it's actually a permutation. 😁😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😁"
If Kirby inhaled you what Powers would he get?|Ability to lay down and fall asleep very quickly, regardless of time of day or whether he just woke up.
What are reddit inside jokes that every redditor should know?|me
What law do you want to see gone?|killing me is illegal
Once space traveling commercialize what kind of identification will we need or we can just use passport?|...more like your spaceport!
How did you rise?|From the ashes to conquer the world.
Are any of you catching the flu? How are you doing?|I'm still depressed
What are some subreddits that need to be revived?|/r/hitlerinsocks is dying.
What don’t people realize one must be in top physical shape to pull off?|Chop firewood.  If you’re dependent on wood for heat, you’re either in good shape, or you’re cold.
If there was a 2008-level financial crisis tomorrow, how would it affect you?|My Schwab account would take a hit temporarily and I'd keep buying as stocks got cheaper. No change to my lifestyle.
"Deaf people of Reddit, what is the worst thing you've ""read"" someone say because they knew you could not hear them?"|Sorry can you speak up I'm blind
How much will 1 hr of second hand smoke exposure a day for 3 months harm your health?|u get second hand cancer
What’s the last thing you agreed to the terms & conditions for?|An apartment lease in the god forsaken state of Colorado.
What are the biggest aural giveaways that a song is from the 90s?|Scatting in a non-jazz setting. Like in the ski-ba-da-bop sense, not like actual shitting.
As a follow up to the favorite Led Zeppelin post, what is your favorite “Yes” song?|Roundabout
What is your significant others zodiac sign?|I’m an Aries, he’s a Gemini. We as a couple are perfect and a fucking handful.
People who have had an existential crisis, did you overcome it? How?|Focus on the tasks at hand.
As an American, our family loves to eat asian food, Mexican food, Italian food, and food from various other countries and cultures. What do those outside of the US think about American food?|Fattening
What song was/is legitimately good, but became ruined by its own popularity?|D-rose.
Former alcoholics of Reddit... What keeps you sober?|meth
What do you hope will be different in 10yrs?|I hope my heart stops beating
What is the coolest ghost town in the world?|Pripyat, Ukraine
When was a time you Really overestimated how funny you are?|everytime
What do you dislike doing but still do it because it's the social norm?|Give a shit about my appearance, hygiene, the way I dress, etc
Lifeguards of Reddit, what’s the worst/most exciting thing that’s happened on your shift?|Couple of examples. Kid came in for first aid with a snake bite. Maybe 8 years old. Wasn't crying, was perfectly calm. Balls of steel. Had to swim 3 kids in from the middle of the lake because they swamped their massive kayaks and couldn't get back to shore, then proceeded to push the water filled kayak back to shore about 75 yards. A guy was going to propose to his girlfriend at the lake but then they got in a fight over the phone so he went out onto the edge of the dock and flicked the diamond engagement ring he got her into the lake. Spent about two whole days diving down looking for it, it was never found.
Math Teachers/Professors: what is the dumbest math related question you have been asked?|I wish my second graders asked more “dumb” questions about math. They’re either too scared to ask, or they just don’t want to.
What are you passionate about?|Music, art, trying to be a decent human being.
What is an excuse for playing games on the school's computer?|Hand-eye coordination?
Women of reddit, how much pubic hair should a man have in your opinion?|Some maybe, none is ok. A bush.. meh but honestly it’s their body, their choice
What fictional character is probably a surprisingly tender lover?|Ira Gamagori
What are some signs that your new boss is going to be a nightmare to work for?|"Conflicting instructions.
One thing I hate is when you have more than one person in charge and they give you different instructions and one always gives you shit. Have had this happen at multiple jobs."
Hypothetically: What would you do if you discovered that your biological father was actually an infamous criminal, like a serial killer or a drug lord?|continue life obliviously
How did Mulder and Scully get so good at combat?|FBI training?
What is a city that you would never move to and why?|Detroit. It just seems pretty awful.
How do you improve your personality?|you don't. Some people are born cool and some people are born  as boring sad losers. Like me
What were you scared of as a child but are not anymore?|Coodies
Mental health professionals of Reddit, what stories have you heard from patients that shook you to your core?|if I see my shrink on here, I'm gonna sue
Renters on a budget, mainly college students, how do you do it?|They say if you bury a block of top ramen in the ground and water it with bud light, it will grow a college student.
When was your gaming golden (or silver) age?|"As an 1980s kid, obviously my golden age is all Game Boy, NES and SNES. But in the late 1990s, Playstation hit and I went into my silver age, maybe my favorite age of gaming. I remember, as a kid, the perception was that video games was for boys, and furthermore being passionate about video games was for nerds. But something was slowly changing around the mid-to-late 1990s. I remember getting some kind of magazine-disc for my original Playstation, with a few sample levels of Wipeout XL and a hidden music video for Ginuwine's ""Pony."" ""Wait a second... this is a song I've heard, on a radio station! And I've seen Prodigy on MTV, they're doing music for a video game, too?!"" Shortly after, The Cardigans released a music video for ""My Favorite Game"" off their album Gran Turismo. Gran Turismo was and is my idea of the hippest video game. Real cars, a game based on European Formula One, actual mainstream music for the soundtrack (this is before Grand Theft Auto, mind you). It just felt like around that time that society and culture was catching up, and video games were coming into their own. Also around that time was Goldeneye 64 which was the afterschool activity of choice among my highschool peers, even the ones on the varsity sports teams got into it. Maybe this is all the rose-colored glasses of a nostalgic thirtysomething, but what was your gaming golden and silver ages?"
What series of two movies needs to become a trilogy?|"Kill Bill
I want to see Vernita Green’s daughter come for Beatrix Kiddo After this week’s news on QT it’s not gonna happen though :("
US Soccer fans of reddit, How do we get our groove back?|Hire a coach who can coach.
Now that The Martian (2015 movie) has gone from science fiction to an achievable reality following the falcon heavy launch, what are your hopes for the future and possibly living on a different planet?|I hope I can drive my Tesla past the beautiful solar farms while purchasing my new flamethrower through paypal. On Mars.
how did you guys learn Financial Responsibility?|Google.
What do you think is something unfair the gender(s) that is(are) not yours has to deal with?|being an apache helicopter is pretty tough
Online shoppers of reddit, what product that you ordered way exceeded your expectations?|I bought a 4 dollar mushroom night light from a sketchy website. Ive now had it for over 3 years and it comes on every night.
what is “Anti-aging serums” and how it works?|i will follow
"Why do many Americans insist on calling it ""the Ukraine"" when Ukrainians themselves insists that one should simply call the country Ukraine without the definite article?"|"I'm American and have never heard someone call it ""the Ukraine""."
What is most funny running joke do you and your friends have discussed?|I don't have friends.
For those who support a man's legal right to go shirtless in public places like beaches and parks and not a woman's, why?|Because breast are a symbol of sex which attract men, it's not much different than a guy showing his bits.
Girls of reddit, what’s your favourite sexual position and why?|I like doggy style because I don’t have to do much work and my boyfriend thinks it’s hot, so win-win for me
What is Alaska young like?|Sexy AF
What is something that you do/have done that would make people want to downvote you? Do you dare tell us?|Trump isn't a racist, mysoginistic, all the other buzzwords person.
Redditors, we all have one. A junk drawer full of odds and ends. What's in yours?|Gum, batteries, tape, scentsy wax, change.
What cartoon character’s wardrobe do you wish you had?|Clover from totally spies, tons of cute clothes. ;~;
What are similar party games to Cards Against Humanity?|Personally Incorrect
What's your life changing experience?|Pulling the table towards you while eating rather than leaning in..
What will happen to the Tesla roadster in space over time? What is likely to occur to the Tesla Roadster as it journeys through space? What will happen to the steel, plastic, and other materials? How long will David Bowie play?|David Bowie will be playing until the aliens arrive in search of the real deal.
Redditors who have lost your moms, how do you cope?|My mom died when I was 10. I don't really know how to answer this. I cried when i found out and I cried at the funeral. That was it. I was somehow able to move on.
What's the last movie scene that made you cry?|The mountain scene in “Your Name”, that was hard to experience.
What's one of your favorite 'little things' to enjoy in life?|The smell after you sneeze
Chefs/cooks of Reddit: how do you deal with crying from chopping onions?|Doesn’t happen anymore
What's the best long term prank you've pulled on someone?|My dad put snow down my back on the last snowfall of the year.  I waited a whole year to get him back.  Lame?  Yes.  Hilarious to 6-ish year old me?  Definitely.
People of Reddit who were once friend, acquaintance or family member of a convicted murderer. Did something set you of about them?|A former coworker murdered his wife by poisoning her Gatorade with antifreeze over a few months. I had really only met him a couple of times, but others said he was always a great guy to be around. Only after he got arrested did we figure out what a psycho he really was. Look up James Kowen, it's a wild story.
How do you escape the sinking feeling Elmo is watching you?|Sometimes I grin and bear it but occasionally the pressure becomes too much and i just have to curl up and cry until the pain recedes.
Why European languages are similar to each other I.E romance: Spanish, Portuguese, Italian Nordic: German, Swedish, Danish slavic:Russian, Ukrainian) but Asian languages have little in common with their neighbors?|Lol the Japanese road signs are mostly the same characters as Chinese.
What is the cringiest thing you’ve heard a middle schooler say?|Braces prevent cavitys
Flat Earther's of Reddit, what did you think about SpaceX's Falcon Heavy launch?|Does anyone really believe earth is flat ? Im pretty sure they're just trolling
Former smokers of Reddit, why do you quit?|Cancer
What is your best parking lot experience story?|Not me in the parking lot, but I used to work part time at a courthouse and the most common setting for brawls taking place were parking lots at Walmart. It was like Fight Club down there.
"What was your ""mind over matter"" moment?"|A couple years ago, I had to have two wisdom teeth removed.  Problem was/is I have a hard time making myself go to the dentist and so they were in rough shape.  As a result, no amount of numbing agents were going to get the job done painlessly.  In fact, they didn't work at all.  Two assistants  held my shoulders and one held my head back and from the moment the dentist broke them to the moment he wrenched them free, I was in a horrified shock, knowing the only way out was through.  It was the only time in my life I've ever involuntarily yelled because of pain.
Currently sober addicts, what is your solution when you're having a craving?|Do something else I enjoy.  Video games, pool, guitar, etc.
What would someone 1 million light years away see if they looked at Earth through a powerful telescope?|the stars
Librarians of Reddit, how often do you see people actually read books?|11
They say it's the small things in life that matter - what small thing makes your life better?|my penis
What’s the town near you that everyone knows to never speed through?|Used to be Waldo but their police department was forced to disband due to quotas.
Non-Americans,What fast food chain would you like to have in your country?|we are to have the Subways, pleese
What song you jammed as a child that you recently learned the meaning recently to be inappropriate?|*Ring Around the Rosie*
When did you realize that something you'd believed your whole life was wrong?|I thought the car would explode if I opened the door while it was filling up at a gas station until I was 12. I thought it was illegal to turn on the interior lights of a car while driving until two weeks ago. (My heart still beats really quickly when the door opens at a gas station.)
What do you put on your subway sandwich?|Beef Nuggets
Who's sexier, Ellen Degeneres or Justin Bieber? And why?|Ellen is cuter
People who suffer from depression, whats your trigger?|There's not really a trigger. It can happen at any time for any reason.
What did your parents feed you growing up?|TV
If you were to launch your car into space, what would you put in its trunk?|All the bodies
Men, what's the naughtiest thing that comes to mind when a hot lady becomes friends with you?|I try to figure out her agenda. I have enough self awareness to know that ladies like that don't just become friends with blokes like me. If it seems too good to be true, it probably is
What generic/store brand foods have you found taste better than their name brand counterparts?|Kirkland peanut butter kills skippy
When's the last time that you cried, and why?|I was in the shower cleaning myself and I had a flashback to being molested. 4 days ago.
Why are some of the political subs seemingly populated with angry, hateful individuals?|All of them
For those of you living outside the Midwest, what was it like to be around people who also knew anything about today’s launch?|Fuck off Elon Musk shills.
What habits did you pick up from an ex-SO/friend that you still have even after separating from them?|I just realized yesterday that I don’t sing in the shower anymore. I was a vocal major in college so singing was like my whole deal. I had a roommate that always went to bed super early. I would shower at night, and she always complained that my singing kept her up. It wasn’t like I was belting. It was just quietly singing under my breath or humming, but even that set her off. She was super passive aggressive and anal about a ton of stuff, so to avoid adding something else to the list of dumb things we fought over I just stopped singing in the shower.
What's it like being a parent with depression?|Challenging.
What is something that you often wish was over before it even begins?|Monday morning conference calls.
ladies of reddit, what are your thoughts on guys who wear skinny jeans?|Depends on if they're cute enough to pull it off.
What's the most expensive thing you own?|My PC
Is cheating on your wife with a school teacher ok, why or why not?|Why would it be?
What do you wish you could re-experience for the first time?|Life.
What were some of the most popular/memorable phrases used in Youtube comments over the past decade?|"Mine are ""the dislike bar is the size of Justin biebers penis"" and ""fake and gay"""
What keeps going down in value & will never go back up?|College Degrees
What does it mean when someone doesn't feel anything emotionally after someone they know dies?|Just means they don't get emotional about death
Hey Reddit, What's the craziest dream you've ever had?|I dreamt of world peace
Why soak your hand in the water after you've cut you wrist?|Usually I use lemon juice and salt instead to really get that wrist cutting self harm action to the limits
What is your favorite *obscure* movie quote?|...but the worst thing I ever done: I mixed up all this fake puke at home and then I went to this movie theater, hid the puke in my jacket, climbed up to the balcony and then, t-t-then, I made a noise like this: hua-hua-hua-huaaaaaaa - and then I dumped it over the side, all over the people in the audience. And then, this was horrible, all the people started getting sick and throwing up all over each other. And I never felt so bad in my entire life!
how in the hell is the landing of both booster stage rocket landings at the same time not being more appreciated? It's something that has never been done before EVER?|Uh... what's a booster stage rocket?   /seriously, it's because nobody knew before this that this thing with simultaneous booster stage rocket landings (whatever that exactly is) had never happened before.   //By nobody, I mean 'amongst most typical people.'
What’s your favorite rap/hip hop album?|My beautiful dark twisted fantasy
What's your favorite thing about your SO?|He's a hard worker
If nothing was holding you back, what would you be doing with your life?|Directing movies
Why did you get fired?|I suck at being punctual in the morning
What's your favourite snack that makes you hate yourself after eating it?|Barbecue lays
What's the worst person you've had the privilege to meet?|me
Who is a Redditor many Redditors admire?|/u/fuckswithducks
What post should every new redditor read?|Jolly Ranchers.
What is your best advice on how to make new friends?|Find someone or go somewhere where you have a common interest and should be easy to conversate about and relate to for starters
What is something you've experienced that was so shocking you couldn't believe it?|I saw a race war fight.  It was surreal.
What do you do to relax?|Play video games.
You love someone who has constant jealous outbursts. Are they worth it? Stay or leave?|Obviously, everyone is different and there are two sides to every story and all that but...broadly speaking, I'd be inclined to leave.
Women of Reddit: What's an inexpensive and thoughtful gift your man has done for you on Valentine's Day?|Dude, women don't want no *inexpensive* shit...they want stuff that'll cost you a mortgage...
What's the worst excuse you've ever heard or made?|I had to call in sick once because I had sunburned my butt from naked sunbathing at the beach.
ITunes keeps switching song names when I try to move it to a different computer via home sharing?|That may mean that the track listing is different from computer to computer. It has to download the song titles, and I have absolutely had two computers download something different. Could that be it?
Logangsters of Reddit, you got your merch yet, why or why not?|Hey, I remember you.
You're transformed into a combination of your favorite dinosaur, animal, and inanimate object. How badass are you?|Dolphin, Allosaurus, and some computer bits. I don't know what to make of this.
Parents of Reddit who have young kids, have you found a way to balance work, sleep, exercise and a hobby ?|I exercise on my lunch break and do my hobbies when he goes to bed. I have about 2 hours until I go to bed. Or I get him occupied while I do it.
When it comes to people you disagree with politically, do you hate them as a person as well?|Politics are at the core of a person's beliefs, so it's very difficult to separate the two.
If you could have dinner with any 3 people (dead or alive), who would they be and why?|I would choose 3 cool birds.
What is your worst death fear?|Dying in a fire
"What is your ""Play stupid games, win stupid prizes"" story?"|Every crane machine ever.
If we went to the moon in the 60s why do rockets still seem so tricky?|You know that phrase “it’s not rocket science”? Yeah, this is literally rocket science, and it costs a metric ass load of money.
"What video game weapon is the most fun to go ""Say hello to my little friend!!"" with before unleashing it's power?"|Charged up duel mauler pistols in Perfect Dark N64.
What is your line of advice?|Chill out
If your life was on the line and the only thing that could save you was by picking the correct number between 1 - 100 what would it be and why?|It would be 69
What are some things you can say about your car but not your girlfriend?|She died about a week ago, but I still use her for spare parts.
What political office would you run for and why?|Dog catcher wouldn't win though
Redditors, what’s the most quotable movie/TV line you know?|Tread lightly
What is something that has happened in your life that you can't explain?|My mom who has cancer was given two months to live. That was in 1996 and she is still alive.
what are some good websites that allow you to easily make money from home?|Upwork.com. there are tons of various freelance jobs or projects.
"How would you describe your ""lifestyle""?"|the definition of failure
You're a burglar. But instead of stealing things, you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What is your crime?|If you're doing other things besides stealing, you're not a burglar.
If you chose to live in a past time period, what would it be?|1950s America.
What’s the worst study technique you’ve heard of?|Osmosis  ( put the book under your pillow and sleep on it )
Homeless people of reddit, how do you use reddit?|Laptop in the library where it's warm.
What's something only British people will find amusing?|A British inside joke
If you could know the truth about one mystery through history (Stonehenge/JFK/etc) which would you want to know the truth about?|Bruh Trump released the kennedy files.
Dear Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've found on your body?|Debbie
what do you hate most about deviantart?|Weird Sonic fetish porn.
What's the nicest thing your mom ever did for you?|Raise me completely by herself
Historians of reddit who was the most universally hated man before Hitler?|Not a historian but I think Vladmir Lenin wasn't particularly liked, especially because of the Red Scare in America.
People on Reddit, what's your favourite Anime?|Spirited Away & Serial Experiments Lain
How much would Elon Musk’s personal Tesla be worth if it was ever recaptured and returned from space?|Not as much as it would cost to actually do that
Is school too long, why or why not ?|I think it is too long. I listened to this fascinating youtube show yesterday where these two really smart guys, Bret and Eric Weinstein, (no relation to Harvey Weinstein) talked about the Pareto Principle, among other interesting topics. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmXq97do-tQ The Pareto Principle is what's commonly known as the 80/20 rule. Basically, 20% of causes create 80% of effects. This maps onto the universe at both a cellular and a stellar level, indicating that it's some sort of natural law that we don't understand very well. Something Eric brings up, is that if you restructure academic courses properly, you can get 80% of the benefit for 20% of the work, but this makes it very tough to get 100% of the benefit. Basically, you could never get a PhD, (or you would have to restudy almost everything) but you could get a master's degree in about 20% of the time if the order you learned things in was different. As automation starts taking over more jobs, this seems like the sort of optimization that we should make for people that want to pursue higher learning but don't want to get a PhD.
Older folks of Reddit, what are some trends/things of this generation that you just cannot wrap your head around?|Eating Tide Pods
Redditors who didn't like children, but still had kids, what's your story?|"I'm guessing a few ""it was an accident"" and ""it changed my life"" comments may appear soon..."
People who walk bare foot in public bathrooms, locker rooms, and showers, why do you do such a thing?|I'm here for a good time not a long time.
What were the yabba-dabba-doos and don'ts of living in prehistoric times?|no one knows as there is no history of it!
What was the biggest lie of your generation?|“You won’t be carrying a calculator in your pocket everywhere you go”
Whose TV persona sounds like an idiot but is actually really smart off camera?|Jimmy Fallon sounds dumb and is dumb
What’s the cringiest thing an ex used to do?|"""Stop using big words, they're confusing"" I said catatonic. She was legally an adult."
Redditors 25+, How Has Your Political Opinions Changes Since you Were a Teenager?|I am just as socially Liberal as then, but have become a lot more economically conservative. I use to think all corporations were evil and corrupt, but now I believe some are. I think most are genuinely trying to provide good products or services and fully intent to comply with the letter and spirit of the law. Of course there are exceptions. My 22 year old self would hate me for saying this. I use to think capitalism is bad, but now I think it is a great system for creating wealth with proper regulations.
Virgins over 30, why didn't it happen?|Not married yet
If your place ever caught on fire, which of your belongings (If any) do you think you might actually risk going back in to save?|Pictures
What food do you hate that everyone else likes?|Pizza......... Shh please don't hurt me.
How did you sway someone who had no feelings for you and ended up dating them?|I cheat. My address does it for me.
How do you restore your faith in humanity after hearing about brutal crimes, mass starvation and illness, war, rampant poverty, financial crimes, and so on?|Focus on the good. There are also a lot of great things happening around you
"In what ways in the past have people told you, ""I love you,"" without actually verbalizing it?"|"""Be careful"" usually means ""I love you"""
What college major is overrated?|Lots of people will make condescending jokes about majors they don't like, but it's import to keep in mind there was a time when douches looked down on chemistry as a field because it wasn't as good as the older field of physics.
What skills have you taught yourself?|Having a positive outlook on life. We can't control other people's actions, but we can control our reaction to them.
What is a pet peeve of yours?|"Loud eaters
Loud breathers and whistling"
Having surprised myself singing along with Mambo Number 5... what song were you surprised to discover you still know all the words to, even though you weren’t that into it when it came out?|Almost every single Hollywood Undead song
What’s your least favorite thing about growing older?|Being closer to death and further away from childhood.
What was your first terrible internet experience?|I went on a pop tarts website (no idea if it’s around anymore) 10-ish years ago and an add for well- adult content - popped up much to my innocent little mind, so I screamed, closed the tab and ran away, never returning to that website.
What is your favorite sketch from any sketch comedy?|"""Diversify your bonds"" Wu-Tang/Chappelle"
What little thing makes you disproportionately angry?|When I’m about to start my period, my brother sneezing is enough to make me cry.  Does that count?
How would you define your country?|Most likely to have a shit ton of Olympic medals AND be morbidly obese.
Would you fuck yourself? Why or why not?|Id fuck me. Id fuck me hard.
Why is your pre-internet gaming plstform the best? N64 had Goldeneye, Zelda, Blitz, etc. Why is your platform better?|Zelda, Mario kart & golden eye are legendary
What is the most painful song to listen to and the memory associated that makes it hurt?|Probably “daddy wasn’t there” because When I was a kid my dad started a fire in the school library then shot my teacher in the leg and then my teacher killed my dad, who was a bad man.
What is one time that a stranger was really mean to you?|working at a fast food restaurant, strangers are rude all the time when they think they're right.  Or when we've made a minor mistake and catered to their needs.
Reddit, What's your dirty little secret?|You  But I'll keep that to myself
Why is wearing a kimono to a school dance of the decades cultural appropriation if I’m white?|"Its not. Dont let other white people tell you what is and isn't ""offensive"" to other cultures."
What are your thoughts about the rumor that SpaceX's Starman is actually the body of Nikola Tesla who happened to be exhumed last month?|You mean someone was sent to space *without consent?!* I'm about to shake a fucking hole through my floor.
People of reddit who have had a lobotomy or shock treatment, what changes did you or your family and friends notice afterwards?|I voted democrat.
What question is best answered with a different question?|The next one?
Where is the weirdest place you've had a hot dog?|In the ass?   Or did you mean where I have eaten one?   From an ass.
If every decade had a lesson to learn... what is it?|Learn to let go of hate. Realize there's more to life than tribalistic nonsense.
What is the unintelligent thing you have ever had to describe to somebody?|how a toaster works
What're some good recipes you can make with only a microwave and sink at your disposal?|A lot of good mug recipes can fit these qualifications if you have the ingredients
Which are some of the weirdly specific Askreddit questions which have great replies and blew up unexpectedly?|This one maybe
"You are walking on an isolated path when you feel a punch to your gut. Confused and in pain, you look around, but see no one. A disembodied voice says: ""I want all your cash"". You can hardly believe it, but an invisible assailant is trying to rob you. How do you defend yourself?"|I get on my kangaroo and hop to saftey
What are your parents‘ technology fails?|"My mum ""what's my password for this?"". Sorry mum, that's literally the one thing I can't help you with."
What never fails to make you wholesale lose your shit laughing?|The Grapist.
Which do you prefer: macarons or macaroons? Why?|Where does Maroon 5 fit in all of this
What's a profession that is now extinct that you think you'd have liked to pursue?|Old fashioned black blacksmithing
Redditors who live in major cities (new York, Los Angeles, San Francisco etc. ), what are the people and environment like?|They're all horrible drivers
What's the most relaxing fact you know?|No matter what, we all die.
Do you like to be the big spoon or little spoon? Why or why not?|Little spoon.  It just makes me feel more safe and loved.
College students of Reddit, what is the most dysfunctional thing your professor did in class?|take a shot of vlady as an example of “action potential”
What's something about American culture you do not understand?|Whatever the heck is up with American healthcare being the way it is.
What is the best cookie you've ever had and where did it come from?|Blueberry cheesecake from Boone cookie co.   I think that's it's name.  Shouts out Boone! And your dank cookies
What do you find paradoxical?|Reddit mods
Hey reddit, whats your best fart story?|The nightly Dutch oven I give my girlfriend.
What would you never donate a dollar to?|The Presidential Election Fund, on my tax return. None of these people need my money.
what is something you did as a kid that extremly impacted your parents, but you didn’t know until later in existence?|Was born.
What age were you when you met the love of your life? How did you meet them?|36 and still waiting
What would be the definitive way to shut down the flat-Earth theory?|There is no way, since the theory itself is not based on logic.
What do you have as your phone or PC background?|The default infinite wallpaper on my phone. I can't be bothered to find something interesting.
What is your most prized possession?|Salvation.
What's your least favorite thing about your favorite/most frequently used software?|Every new release works slower than the last one. Excel.
When’s the worst time to realize you left your stove on?|When you return to find the firefighters dousing the last few hot spots of the ashes of your home.
What is something tragic that has happened to you?|A better question is, what is something tragic that hasn't happened? Rape, torture, assault, paranoia, PTSD, you name it.  But I keep my chin up no matter how hard. Nothing being negative will get me in life.
I’ve been on this Earth for 30 years, and here is what I’ve done?|So...what's your question, exactly?
Men of Reddit, at what moment did you realize she wasn't a keeper?|"I lost her at the dog park  
* Drumline Rolls*"
Dead people of Reddit, what's happening?|Heaven has shit internet, currently Trying to download Half-Life 3 on Steam but its taking fucking forever
What image creeps you out so much you can't sleep?|A picture of Woopie Goldberg
Why is Forever Changes the best album of all time?|Because its not even close to the best Album ever
What’s an occasion when nothing is better than something?|Being in an abusive relationship or one that is toxic. It’s hard to end it but better than staying in it.
How would you feel about things if it was you strapped in that SpaceX Roadster, and given enough oxygen to last you for 12 hours, followed by a fentanyl injection?|Probably panicked as shit but at least I'd die in a very unique way.
What are you salty about?|My Debit card not working at all online even though i have 15k in my account
What is the last thing you ate?|A smoothie.
If you had a bowl of 100 M&Ms and one of them will give you an illness that severely reduces your quality of life, how many M&Ms out of that bowl would you eat?|Is Danny Devito in the bowl?
What word or phrase becomes funniest when spaced out L I K E T H I S ?|A N A L G E S I C
Gamers who report not-so-offensive Gamertags, why do you do this?|...care to be more specific?
What 5 shows would you use to represent your life?|Pretty much just The Middle
What is the largest police action you have seen?|"Cop here: Other than pre-planned events or riots; A few years ago an officer was shot and pinned down behind his patrol car. He got over the radio, gave the emergency code, and said ""Send me everybody"". And that's exactly what dispatch did. Every unit who wasn't tied up on something extremely important was put on the call and responded. For context, my department is fairly large with a few thousand officers (though not all on duty at the same time). Everyone including officers who don't respond to calls like detectives and Vice units ran over there. This was also near an adjoining agency, so pretty much that whole department was there as well. There was a line of patrol cars that stretched over a mile long at the scene. All-in-all, it was ultimately decided that it was a bit of overkill.  They've since changed the way emergency calls like that are dispatched to avoid that situation in the future."
Reddit, who's your favourite stand-up comedian, alive or dead?|George Carlin.
What is your biggest character flaw?|I’m blunt. I hurt feelings without meaning to... a lot.
What are the reasons why people become homeless?|Pick one, or more, or all of the following:  mental illness, addiction, economic hardship
If the Triwizard Tournament took place at Beauxbatons or Durmstrang instead of Hogwarts, what mode of transportation would Dumbledore and students use to get there?|... the train
What is the quote of quotes?|“Thats what” - She
What are the chances of Trump winning again in 2020?|A lot better than you think.
What’s the craziest place you’ve masturbated or had sex? How did I turn out?|I don't know. How did you turn out?
How much is reddit worth today?|12 billion upvotes.
Emotionally unavailable men of Reddit, what's your story?|Issues with my mother.
What is currently the thing that you are most afraid of?|Getting super depressed and drinking over it.
What is the best free campsite in your area?|Anywhere in the woods. I'm surrounded by national forrest.
What's the best sound you've ever heard?|THX
What is your go to remedy for the common cold?|A bottle of orange juice, nyquil, and lots of blankets to sweat it out.
What’s the most awkward interaction you’ve had so far this week?|Asking my mom for $5. ps...she never gave it to me.
What is the best lesson you have learned in your life?|People are bastards ... also take care of your teeth.
What would you NOT do for 1 million USD cash?|Give someone 2 million dollars.
Cape Town, what do you think the rest of the world knows (or cares) about your current situation?|What's going on in cape town?
What is your worst diarrhea experience?|All the ones that last 24 hours are pretty bad equally
What was your favorite book when you were a kid?|Tunnels
How do you know that you're doing the right thing?|It's all different for everyone but we all have morals and standards of good, if it opposes that. It's most likely not the right thing.
What would you send to space to polute the universe a little more?|a tesla
What can we expect to happen to the Tesla that got launched into space?|David Blaine drives into his next show in it.
What's your favorite aspect of where you live?|You have the view of the mountains literally wherever you go and I love that honestly.
Who is Jared Leto? What’s he about?|I'll tell you who he's not. He's not Joker.
What is the first rule of Fart club?|Whoever smelt it, dealt it
People that got hired for jobs they were wholly unqualified for, how did you do it?|I got hired as a paid Marketing intern even though i had 0 experience in Marketing and was an English major. They said it was cause of my personality. Lol
What is the worst side effect that you got from an over the counter medicine?|My mom gave me some Benadryl when I was nine or ten. Fell asleep on the couch watching PBS.  Woke up two hours later screaming that Sagwa the Chinese Siamese Cat came through the TV and scratched me. Turns out I was aggressively clawing my own chest through my pajamas and my mom couldn't stop me. Was not given Benadryl after that.
You are a spy and have been tasked with sneaking into North Korea to kill Kim Jong Un. You were given a large sum of money but somehow managed to lose it. You now only have 30 dollars. How do you pull it off?|"buy about 30$ worth of glow sticks.  put them in a shoe box labeled ""plutonium.""  Gain access to NK"
Reddit,what the Creepiest thing a boyfriend/girlfriend has done?|Me
(MEN) How would you react if your girlfriend doesn't shave?|You are assuming we all only have girlfriends who do shave?
Super secret super spies currently on super secret super spy missions of Reddit. Whatcha' doin?|I'm definitely **NOT** pretending to be a sexual degenerate that spends free time answering silly question on AskReddit. That's for sure.
What should you do if you are always exhausted in the morning but don’t get tired until 2 am?|Masturbate.
How would change the Breaking Bad story if there's already a Border wall?|Nothing. Because that's what a border wall would do.
How do you help train a puppy not to bite?|Told them No and acted like it hurt and stopped playing with them til they stopped biting. Worked for my dog
What would your stripper name be?|Niggerboi
Which winter Olympics competition would you like to participate and win?|Speed skating
What qualities do you think are necessary to having a successful career path?|Happiness
If you could spy on anyone, who would you choose and why? What would you want to see?|Nah, that's not cool.
What is the maximum amount of pounds/kg you'd want your laptop to weigh?|I currently use a gaming laptop that weighs about 5 pounds and it's fine carrying it around, but I've also tried carrying a 10 pound laptop with two hands and it doesn't feel too bad either. Though I never tried putting the 10 pound in a backpack But i'm a pretty fit young guy going to the gym 4 times a week, so I might be a little different than some people
What is something you think you should probably be doing to better your life, and why haven't you started doing it?|Talking to my crush, I’m a shy guy
Which drug is most addictive and why?|Ur mum
Flat Earthers of Reddit, How much does Elon Musk piss you off?|to space and beyond
Who is the greatest genius of all time?|Kanye
What is the creepiest/most unexplainable thing that's happened in your life so far?|Me being alive
why you are always watching time?|So I’m not late or behind.
What's something that's often romanticized, but shouldn't be?|War
What’s your passion in life?|Appreciating other people’s passions
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?|Anything in a fedora
What odd TV Show do you own EVERY season of?|Kids In The Hall
What keeps you going?|spite.
What's something you really didn't want to do, but had to ?|Break up with my last girlfriend.  At the time she was my best friend. My backbone. She also liked to get boned apparently and not just by me.
What's something you hate?|The taste in your mouth when you wake up in the morning
What quality of life power would you want to have?|Will to live...
What do you think of the snapchat update?|Couldn't give any less of a shit
Would you like to see your future and unable to change it? And Why?|Fuck no. That would feel like I'm falling out of a plane without a parachute.  Or just watching a DVR'd football game that my team lost when someone already spoiled the ending.
what the most Favorite things to do with friends that are cheap, easy and instantly fun?|Netflix.
What is your best weird/crazy story that you do NOT have proof?|I hypnotized an online friend into being a totally submissive sissy. But I don't have any remaining proof.
What is the most expensive, but useless thing you have ever bought?|car insurance (so far)
What are the dumbest trends you've seen on the internets?|Eating Tide pods for sure
What is your favorite book due to the last final pages?|Survivor by Chuck Palahniuk. What an intense read.
What things, for less than $100, can you buy that will smartly increase your quality of life?|"A high-quality water bottle.
It’s so nice to always have a drink on hand :)"
How did you ended up being on reddit?|i quit facebook
How mature do you feel for your age?|I often feel like I'm 12
What tips do you have to be happy in a job that you hate but can’t leave?|Focus on some kind of positive aspect to it. I hated my last job but I loved the people I worked with, so it made my unhappiness tolerable, at least for a while
If you could choose one dream from your sleep that you will turn into reality, what would it be?|Being able to fly on a beach towel
If you were assigned to make a 2 minute long 3D animated video, what would you animate?|I did a chess game, couldn't render it back in the day though. The estimated time was over a week on the machines we had. It was 2006 or so.
What is the homeless situation in your community and does it have an effect on your daily life?|The city recently kicked out a bunch of homeless people.
Why does it feel like we are bcoming less intelligent as time passes?|*becoming*
Reddit, what are your roommate horror stories?|inspired by this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7vtibl/whats_the_weirdest_thing_youve_caught_your/?st=JDCNGLT7&sh=9757231c
What convinced you to join Reddit?|r/nosleep
You're stranded on an island for a week, but only packed one graphic novel in your bag. What would be your graphic novel choice?|Giselle and Beatrice, a story of revenge, mental horror, passion, and love.
Old smoker What your experience with cannabis and hash compare with today?|According to Cthulhu, hash has improved a lot while regular weed has gotten more ordinary.  He usually smokes that crazy rheudoronis strain.  I have one of the last surviving plants at my parents house.
What's a routine or habit that you have developed that seems normal to you, but could appear weird or intriguing to others?|saying sorry to inanimate objects when i accidentally bump into / hit them
How would you describe the taste of chapstick to someone whos never used chapstick?|Depends what flavour of Chapstick, and then tell them it tastes like that flavour.
As life is full of huge and unexplainable coincidences, what is among the biggest coincidences that has ever happened to you?|A friend and I both knew we both played WoW.  I was doing a quest that required 3 people and I asked for help and 2 people responded.  We tried it a few times and kept dying.  I came up with a new strat and we defeated the elite enemy.  The next day at school the friend and I went up to each other and found out that we were the ones helping each other out.
What if the President of the United States of America planned a Military Parade.. And no one went to watch?|He'd still call it the biggest turn out for any parade in the history of America.
What is the worst title for an anime you ever read or heard?|Akame ga kill.
What are your top three reasons to keep living?|Music comedy dogs
What are your guys favorite boogers to pick?|The long ones that go way back down your nasal cavity.
"What profession loses all credibility when you add the word ""home"" in front of it?"|O Sexual
What are some company secrets you can now reveal since you don’t work for the company anymore?|Einstein's Bagels gets all their bagels frozen in boxes and they thaw them out in the ovens. Their orange juice comes out of a big metal whirring machine that constantly breaks.
Non-Americans of Reddit, Besides New York and Los Angeles what are some other U.S. cities you want to visit?|The irony is that LA and NYC are two of the worst cities in the entire country.
You wake up 1000 years in the past, but in the same location. What happens next?|I get attacked by aborigines
What mundane household object would become terrifying if it became sentient?|Any of them?
If you had to condense everything you've ever learned into a single commandment to help future generations, what would it be?|Just be kind to everyone.
Working people of reddit, what lies do you tell your customers/clients/patients?|"""Yeah, sure. I can check in the back and see if we have any more."""
"What's the difference between ""loving"" and being ""in love""?"|man.. I am loving this burger right now..
Flat-earthers on reddit, how has the space x launch change you beliefs about earth?|"Won't change a thing. They don't believe anything but the propaganda/lies they are told by their ""bubble""."
What two terms do you always get confused with each other?|Further and farther...still couldn’t tell you the difference.
If you could launch anything into space what would it be?|Trump.
What’s your “the one that got away” story?|I wanted to try a new flavor/limited Edition of one of my favorite liquors. Decided I'd wait until next time, so I left without purchasing it. Went back a few days later because I really wanted it, and they were sold out. They never restocked.
What song would be the absolute worst to add a rap verse to?|American Pie by Don Mclean.
What's an interesting or cool way to use an everyday item in a way it wasn't intended?|You can take a carrot, and put it up your butt.
[Nsfw] What did sex ed actually teach you?|Anorexia. Anorexia. Bulimia. Anorexia.
Surprise parents of Reddit, what was the first thought that went through your head?|Fuck
What stereotype do you proudly identify as?|I’m Indian.. my family owns gas stations
Which interesting facts about Hitler do you know of?|I think he's born on 4/20
How did you meet your best friend?|My best friend is my daughter, so I gave birth to her.
When was the first time (as a child) that you ever saw an adult cry, and what was your reaction ?|Parents were planning on a divorce, both were crying. I remember my immediate reaction was purely emotional, being confusion and sadness. I can't remember my immediate thoughts, but I do recall thinking about divorcee kids getting extra toys and wondering who I would be staying with in such an event.  Happy ending. They stayed together for us and despite hard times are coming up on their 33rd anniversary.
Why haven't you asked out that girl yet?|I’m married.
Who do you miss the most?|seratonin
Humans, what is the most disgusting thing in the universe?|Butt chugging water from Long Beach
What’s the craziest way someone’s tried to bribe you?|"Had an uber driver try to get me to have sex with me by taking me through a tim hortons drive through and then asking me for dinner. When we finally got to the destination he gave me his number and said ""call him if I did not want to feel lonely that night'"
In America, what is considered patriotic?|being a redneck.
"What's a good example of ""When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all""?"|video editing
What are some noteworthy events that will happen by 2050?|Building deep neural net models as processing units in cybernetic organisms. My cpu is a neural net prahcessuh. A luuuhhning computah.
What's your favorite little-known animal fact?|Sharks can *feel* the electricity living creatures generate.
[NSFW] What was your most unexpected NSFW moment?|"I'm a gay guy, so I was on grindr when I was about 19. I also worked the front desk at a nice 100 room full-service hotel. I was working overnight one evening, and I checked a gentleman in. I got a message half-way through my shift on grindr from him asking if I could ""help him with something"" in his room, followed by very unsolicited pictures."
If you could get a free, non-transferable ticket to one event anywhere in the world (sometime in the next 12 months), what would you choose?|Opening Pats game
What are some telling signs that show someone is secretly unhappy?|They don't make eye contact with you.
Friends of reddit, is it strange to have a friend that only asks you to hangout when their SO is out for the night?|I’m not your friend, buddy.
What’s something you handed into you teacher/professor that they still show to their students?|my CO2 balsa wood car in design & tech class won for 4 years in a row and is still used as an example 9 years later.  its a little bit broken and scratched up now. but is still crazy quick
What is your favorite thing about your significant other?|Her caring
What is the best sweet nothing to send to a stranger you are crushing on?|dick pic
"What ""unrealistic"" invention would you like to have, what would you do with it?"|A legitimate hover board or shoes that could control gravity would be dope
How unhealthy is it really to eat Froot Loops or similar for breakfast?|It's pretty sugary but it won't cripple your health. Frosted Flakes I'm not so sure about.
What's your favourite and least favourite Tom Cruise movie?|"1. Top gun
2. The upcoming mission impossible $equel."
What adult concept did you not understand as a child but figured out later in life?|Someone asked what adult concept you understood at a young age. I'm asking the opposite. What concept did you not understand until you were older? For me, one of my friends always had a LOT of food at her house. Like her kitchen was always stocked full when I stayed over. And with good stuff my parents would never get like Nesquik powder. I always wondered why they had so much more food than us. Later on I realized it was because they had less money than us and got a balls ton of food stamps.
If You Were an Old Meme (e.g. Bad Luck Brian, Good Guy Greg), what would your alliterated name be?|who are you calling alliterate
What would you think of space imperialist political party who supports gun ownership and opposes mass incarceration?|How about a terran isolationist political party who opposes gun ownership but supports mass incarceration?
As an American, what is stopping you from wanting a Universal Healthcare system?|Only our elected leaders ....
Why did aziz get special treatment?|Because he didn't do anything wrong?
Reddit, what's the most inappropriate homework assignment you've seen/received?|Every single homework assignment is inappropriate
Why are you in love with your partner? What about them sets them apart from everyone else?|It’s tough to explain and I’ve never had a way with words anyway. She just gets me.
People with face tattoos how much do you get stared at in public?|I tend to avoid staring at people with face tattoos as I assume they must be a little bit mental.
How would you pitch a movie about Reddit?|You sign them up for reddit
Why are beach towns always laid back and chill? aren’t there any uptight asshole beach towns?|All the uptight assholes go to bigger cities to find uptight asshole jobs.
What is the laziest straw man argument you have heard?|My senior year of high school was basically just me running from classroom to classroom, krumping while yelling out custard-related obscenities
Guys who were womanizers in their younger days, what are your thoughts on those days now looking back?|I cringe at some of the stuff I did in college. I was a heavy drinker. I made out with girls pretty much at every party I went to. I had a stack of phone numbers, but I never remembered who they were the next day. I found out that it was pretty easy to get girls to show you their boobs just by asking. I wish we had camera phones back then. I felt simultaneously proud that that many girls wanted to go out with me but sick that they would be sad that I'd never call because I didn't even know what they looked like.  I even hooked up with one of my best friends and our friendship fell apart soon after that.
What are some cirmstances when a doctor can refuse to treat a patient?|If it’s not life threatening.., or if it’s not within their scope of practice or knowledge.. then they can refer you to someone better equipped to treat you.
Elon Musk vs. Neil deGrasse Tyson in a UFC match. Who wins and how?|Musk about 10 seconds after the starting bell.  How? Musk would just punch him once. Neil would be too distracted looking at his Twitter followers wondering why someone unfollowed him.
Anyone, what information have you got from friends and/or families about the real deal behind Area 51?|Yeah. Pm me.
Regular gym people of reddit, what are common misconceptions about the gym that hesitant folks should stop worrying about?|That people are judging you. Like 99% of people are just there to work out and work on themselves, they don’t really care what you look like. Because at least a couple people in there where worse off than you at some stage.
How would the world change if everyone was immortal but could still reproduce?|More death penalties and reproduction laws to prevent overpopulation.
If you could grow meat from any animal that has ever lived (without killing anything), what would you try first?|Mammal meat
Why is it better to be a warrior in a garden, than a gardener in a war?|Well, you're more likely to live through the former than the latter.
What is something outrageously expensive that should be free?|College
Is it considered rude to knock on the ceiling with a broom, when the upstairs neighbours are being loud?|yes, but if its annoying that much why not do it.
If you could summit Mt. Everest, what would you do with your short time at the top?|Do the best fap ever.
What are some good shows to drink to?|New Girl. You gotta be drunk to watch that shit.
What's the best thing you've ever said in a job interview?|"""what is your biggest weakness"" ""i probably don't work as hard as i can, im a bit lazy"" i didnt get the job"
People who have died and then have been rescuscitated, how was heaven or hell like?|My brother died and was resuscitated, he now believes. Never had the chance to ask him about hell though.
Redditors of the world, how much does it costs the cheapest KFC’s chicken bucket where you live?|Don’t have KFC in Belgium ;)
Why are you here?|I work here.
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever worn?|Bootcut jeans casually Ugh
What's the dumbest word in your language?|Eskeeeetit
why you are always want to be smart?|Because everyone laughs at the dumb person in the room
Those who had abstinence only sex ed, how was it and why?|the teacher died when his tractor rolled over. RIP.
Rich people of Reddit, how did it feel making your first $1 million?|It was a small loan, so pretty thankful for the gift, I guess.
What pain specific to your gender would you want to raise awareness/increase compassion for among the opposite sex?|Cramps ... more specifically period cramps
What is your guilty pleasure?|Female pop artists- Halsey, Carley Rae Jepsen, Dua Lipa, etc.
What were the best or the worst presents you get for St.Valentine’s Day?|Bluetooth headphones. She gets me man.
What just freaks you the hell out?|People's knees
Men of Reddit, what’s the most awkward conversation you’ve had with your barber?|"""Could you..shave me..down there?"""
"What would you do if you dog said ""you smell bad""?"|"My response would be ""This coming from someone who as a snack.... eats little pieces of shit."""
Hey Reddit, what is your biggest advice for a phone interview?|Sound confident and interested. Your voice is the only part of you they can take in. No body language, eye contact, etc will be possible.
If for one meal it did not affect your body in any way, What would you eat?|I would eat just as I do now lol
What is the number one thing on your bucket list?|buy a bucket
What’s the best smell in the world?|Coconut scented Sunscreen
What quality or trait you appreciate about yourself but you don't think any other people do?|I have a somewhat feminine face. Considering i'm trans this is good to have.
How do you de-clutter your mind?|Just gotta like, try jam more clutter in there to drive out the old clutter. Meditation also works, but I ain't got time for that.
Why do you use reddit?|Fills a void.
What is the spiciest food you’ve ever eaten?|Gf’s dad and I had a jalapeno eating contest when I was in HS. Never have a jalapeno eating contest with a drunken asshole.
How long are you willing to wait to have sex when you start dating someone?|As long as it takes.
What's it mean when a guy you started dating says he wants to see pics of your bra? Just your bra?|He's weird.
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever watched in your life?|Dragonball Evolution.
What's your favorite SNL sketch of all time?|Drunk Uncle. Nothing else they’ve done lately is worth a shit.
What is your earliest memory?|Having green eggs n' ham in kindergarten.
What subreddits have you filtered from /r/all?|2Xchromosomes
If you married your high school sweetheart, how is it? Alternatively, why did you separate?|I beg for a minuscule amount of Karma
What is your favorite childhood memory?|Riding bikes.
Reddit, what can you advise to a younger person about to go into their first romantic relationship?|Don't get too attached in you're still in high school. You both still have a lot of decisions to make and a lot of life to live. The more attached you get at this point, the harder it will be on the both of you later. Also, don't engage in the practice of baby-making until you can financially support a family.
Which stereotype would you love to break?|Americans are fat, loud, uneducated, and think they’re the center of the universe.
What is your favorite podcast show?|The Weekly Planet
What do you usually do when you are too stressed and need to calm down ?|honestly, sobbing for a few seconds really calms me down sometimes. it’s ugly, but it works since it gets rid of some of the hormones associated w stress (i think ACTH)
Teachers that set stupidly hard tests, why do you do it?|I want to see you fail, Jimmy
What's the best sound you've ever heard?|Cammed C6 corvette z06
What is one piece of hypothetical technology that, if developed right now, would undeniably make the world a better place?|Thot detector.
If you could change one thing from the past, what would it be?|I would not of taken that ladies pen, she probably needed it.
Reddit rockers of US/UK, who is your current favorite band that isn't yet widely known/appreciated?|Alcest ❤❤
What’s something you actually accidentally shared on social media?|That picture of my gorgeous abs six-seven years ago. I also accidentally hashtagged it with #sexy #selfie.
What images comes to mind about China?|Rice and martial arts.
How do you picture a mind in your year?|2019
"When have you been in a scenario and just thought ""Ok, I'm about to die in a horror movie""?"|Everytime I go to the basement
If you could send anything to space, what would it be?|A 1985 Pontiac, with expired tags and no insurance, on a collision course with Elon's precious penis car.
What did you knock until you tried it?|Butt sex
What is/was your worst job?|Sell houses.
What is one determining factor for you while buying a tshirt?|I have no clothes
How many people do you think have masturbated thinking of you?|probably 1 or 2 people
What makes you sleepy?|A fap session with a climax. Eating so much. Staying up as late as possible.
What small change (action or thought) made a significant difference in your life?|You are in control of the way you react to events/other people's actions.
What is something that seems rare but is actually common, or seems common but is actually rare?|This question.
What’s the worst food you’ve ever test?|Octopus
What surprises you every time you think about it?|the fact that I'm still alive
People living outside the US, what is something Americans think is normal that is weird to the rest of the world?|Proms. The Super Bowl.
How do you wish you spent your weekends?|Studying
What will people look like if they stay up for 4 days?|Shit, probably
Flat earthers of Reddit; what is your thoughts on the Tesla live stream of space?|obviously faked durrrr
People who sort comments by Top, why?|I'm not going to let some computer algorithm try to sort out what it thinks is best. I'll be the judge of that. I'm going to read it all anyways.
How likely is it that OP (suicidal and hates herself) will ever have a future if she never leaves her house?|damn who is this girl? She's the female version of myself. I think I found my soulmate
What made you give up on him/her?|I didn't have to, they gave up on themselves.
Dear Reddit, how much have you pooped most in a day?|Dropped a ~~cool~~ steaming 10 pounds. (thanks for pointing that out u/PhyterNL)
When is it acceptable to use Comic Sans?|In a comic book.
What is the most 90’s sentence you can think of?|Get off the phone, I'm trying to surf the web.
People who quit their job, what was the straw that broke the camel's back?|They hired an AGM who was satan in heels. I had been through hell with that company, and I still mostly enjoyed my job. But when they hired her, everyone started leaving.
What's the weirdest smell you've smelled?|Dead guy insides. I won’t be forgetting that smell any time soon!
People who’ve cheated, what pushed you to do it, and how did you get caught or confess(if you did)?|Sigh.
What's the best Reddit story you've ever read?|The jolly rancher one leaves me with a lot of disgust
What are some products that are over/under produced?|RAM is under-produced. Corn and cars are overproduced. Politicians and some singers are also overproduced.
Could you censor a woman's nipples, with male nipples? Why or why not?|No they’re not big enough
What word do you use as the collective noun for thots?|Thets?
Converts to a new religion, how did your best friend handle it?|My best friend Marty would joke about it with me whenever I'd change my religion.  He'd give me a hard time sometimes. It was really hard to come out as an atheist to my parents though
Other than reddit how do you procrastinate in your office job?|I work from home. I have been flicking between Reddit and playing Elder Scrolls Online. It is 8am now. I have been doing this since about 11pm. I have not worked a bit. Damn.
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?|My friend accidentally caught our Roman history teacher's computer screen with a steam icon on it. In the middle class, the idea that he could be playing total war rome 2 with all dlc everynight somehow made us laugh. Nobody believed us.
Redditors,Which country do you want to be born in if you can choose?|I think I would just re-up on Canada again if that was a choice. Everything's going okay so far.
What if instead of corporate tax cuts, the US spent money on education and health care?|The US throws money at both those things.with terrible results.  It would probably be a slightly more embarrassing failure of the American healthcare and education systems.
What's the worst thing you ever cooked?|I don’t think it counts as “cooking” exactly. I made ultra discounted, off-brand mac and cheese in my university microwave once. It wasn’t cooking. It was plastic changing states.
People who have someone for Valentines day, what advice could you give to a single dude?|This year let the fleshlight be your somebody
Why do popular subreddits have like one video with 75k upvotes as the top post and everything else is around or below 1,000?|Most of the hits in the sub-1000 range might have been submitted before the algorithm got changed to allow for posts with massive upvote counts.
Folks who hooked up with a family member - what happened and how did it end?|You might like r/incest
What are some awesome activities you can do with an age of over 60?|Swimming
Flat-Earthers of Reddit - what is your rebuttal against folks who claim the earth is round?|I just tell them to google Chandrasekhar trajectory. Most of them won't, but those who do get their world views profoundly shaken.
You are in a fight to the death with 5 years ago You, who would win and why?|me 5 years ago would win. I would let him kill me because I want to die
What are the biggest debates - one side vs the other?|Christians vs Everyone else
Who are the greatest actors alive and why?|Always have been a fan of Kevin spaceys work. It was a shame when the allegations came out against him, but regardless I’m willing to put that aside if they’ll keep making seasons of house of cards.
What do you wish, that you would've learnt it as a teenager?|That women dont want you to love them.. they want to love you.
How do you get your news?|Reddit.
Why do parents think their gross little dribbling child is a genius?|Personally I found it fascinating to watch the kids hit each new developmental step. Every couple of weeks at first, then every few months, you see them change from being entirely helpless, to becoming more and more independent, able to physically do things they couldnt before, and mentally levelling up to greater awareness of themselves and the world - before they can speak you look in their eyes and realise there's an intelligence and awareness looking back at you that wasnt there a few days before. If its a skill you've helped them develop there's an even greater sense of pride. Most animals go from young and helpless to essentially fully functional pretty quickly, there arent a lot of stages to it, but watching human children grow up you get much more awareness of how complex we are and how much there is for even the most basic and average person to learn.
If the US can offer free university education to the military, why can't it offer it to the general population?|Do you not get the difference in cost there?
What is one thing you've always wanted to say, but won't say because of how much hate you would get?|Pc culture is killing everything
People who cheated in their relationship, what made you do it?|Dissatisfaction, the lack of experience to know when to end the relationship, our mutual inability or comfort levels when it came to talking about our issues. We had very little in common and it really weighed on me, not being able to talk about the things I was passionate about because she clearly wasn't interested.
What is your favorite book series?|The Dark Tower by Stephen King
You wake up and realize that you are the last person left on Earth. What would your entire first day consist of?|Masturbate on all the things
Child psychologists of Reddit, which patient concerned you the most?|Charlie Manson
What’s something you were eventually grateful for that your parents forced you to do?|Practicing piano.  I love it now, and it has been a fun talent to show off out of nowhere.
What's the best sounds you've ever heard?|My wife’s voice over the phone. Very pleasant.
Finally completed quest, flirting which gave me the nofriendzone buff and loaded up relationship maps. But the one map, jealousy, is just a maze with no exit or way to beat it. Any help?|You need an armour of confidence +3 and an amulet of trust +2. That should give you the necessary buffs to pull through the maze.
Are there really people in college/university who survive off 2 minute noodles or is it just something they say to make you feel bad?|Noodles should take 5 minutes minimum to cook.
What do you call hamburgers? Is there a regional dialect you use?|Steamed hams.  I’m from Upstate New York.
What's the worst smell you ever smelled?|Decomposing dead bodies
Who do you fear the most that might crawl up in your bed when you were a little child?|Rats and cockroaches. I'm still afraid of them.
What is your favorite dish to make for yourself?|Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken Shrimp and Broccoli
Reddit, what are your favorite Skyrim mods?|The mod released by Bethesda that self-ports the game to any and every device and features a new intro of Todd Howard beating a dead horse with a stick.
If you were to assign a monetary value to something that's considered priceless, what would it be worth?|10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 dollars
Trolls and shitposters of Reddit, what are topics other than politics or religion that rile up people the best?|Not a troll but just from my own experiences in subs - sports for sure.
What kind of food or dessert best sums up your personality?|A molten lava cake.
What's the nicest thing you've done in secret and never get to brag about?|Won't say
What makes you think the universe isn't flat?|The spiral thing
If National Treasure gets a sequel without Nicholas Cage, who should portray the protagonist?|Is Nicholas Cage really the protagonist? He kidnapped a President and stole historical documents...
"What is something that is completely ruined if you add the word ""dab"" into it?"|Let me start things off for you: **idabbbz**
What do you think when you see someone with self harm scars?|What would be your internal reaction if you saw that someone you're just meeting or had recently met had large self harm scars on a significant portion of their arms or thighs? How do you feel in that moment, what does it make you think about the person? I'm just wondering because I have a lot of scars that I can't always hide and I can tell people notice and have some sort of reaction but my scars are so normalized to me I can never really understand what they're thinking and it makes me paranoid.
Why do most popular movies about the future portray a dystopian view of the world ?|"Children of Men
The Road"
If you can choose to live anywhere in the world, where would it be?|Seattle,WA
What looks harder than it actually Is?|Everything. Once you take the first step and start then everything becomes easier.
What is your favorite usless fact?|If you need to fart, there is a chance something comes out.
Men of Reddit, when you are in a relationship and a random hot lady grabs you by the dick, how would you react?|Push her away. That's called sexual assault.
What's the most perverted thing you did as a young lad?|Some girl paid me to finger her when I was 14.
"Why do some jobs or careers stimulate/excite us for years while others are ""soul-crushing""?"|"FOR BACKGROUND: The answer may seem obvious, but I've been going through a roller-coaster of emotions regarding my most recent job offer. I start next week in a fast-paced, competitive job with very high earning potential with a fairly large company that's growing rapidly. I've been super excited about the opportunity because it's everything I've been looking for. It wasn't until yesterday when my father said something jokingly about ""shouldn't I be studying"" when I was watching tv (something he used to do when I was in grade school, cause I procrastinated a lot and hated studying). For some reason, this comment made me start to question how much pressure we put on ourselves our whole life. We have to go to school and college to get an education for the first 20 or so years of our lives, and this is immediately followed by (hopefully) entering the workforce. So far, I've said very little that isn't common knowledge, but I've found when I write these thoughts out, I get to the root of my question/main concern(s). I guess a side question is, why do we get so excited/anxious to get in the workforce right after spending so long in the tedious-ness (for some of us) of school? This ties into my main question, because it would seem like we would be burnt out already, but obviously some jobs give us so much more pleasure that what we had to learn in a classroom. I'm personally glad those days are behind me, but what is it that makes WORK more exciting than SCHOOLWORK? Is it just the money and pursuit of financial independence? And if school didn't fulfill you, where do the ""right"" job's fulfilling qualities come from that make you want to come to your job and work day after day for years (in terms of a career)? There's been a lot racing through my mind the past couple days, so if anything above doesn't make sense, I'm more than willing to clarify. Furthermore, I hope this is the right sub to ask all these questions."
If time travel existed, how far back would you go and what would be something you would introduce during that time period?|200 years. My cock.
Which country deserves to have a land claim on Antarctica, yet currently does not (current are UK, NZ, France, Norway, Australia, Chile, Argentina)?|Nobody let the damn fucking penguins live in peace you cunt
What is the scaryest thing you found in a completly normal place?|Alligator in my backyard
How do you honestly feel about manspreading?|I... dont know what that is
I’m an 18 y/o guy looking for a new show to binge watch. What should it be?|Altered carbon I think its called. Netflix. Off you go. Future, clone detective terrorist sex mercenary does bad things to shitty people.
Why did you choose your major?|Its what i knew i was good at and the only thing that i can see myself doing long term. It makes me happy, so so happy. Even when im doing it for work.
"Dis Reddit just change how their ""Home"" platform works?"|"When I click ""Home"" it shows me a page worth of posts from tiny subs I follow. Is this a ploy to get people to do something different for Reddit to make money, like clicking on /r/popular?"
What are good icebreakers?|I like the Berry Sour ones.
What's it mean if a guy says he really wants something serious but he keeps asking you for booty and boobie pics?|It means he wants your body, slut.
Why does everything feel the same after crying and cutting?|You havent accomplished anything.
What’s your top-rated comment?|"Some post from NYE 2015. Something about some Indian blogger being hacked to death, but I deliberately wrote the headline to be misleading, and about 5,000 comments (of close to 15,000) were people saying: ""I THOUGHT THE BLOGGER WAS HACKED"" Was very annoying."
At what point do you turn into an asshole when drinking?|Before I start drinking
What if everytime we masturbate, we kill someone, would we still masturbate?|You don't kill somebody when you masturbate?
People who have been cheated on, how did it happen and how did you get over it?|Words with friends. Drinking and time.
Round Earthers of Reddit, what do you think of the footage of the flat Earth as seen from space today?|Just a quirk of the shitty cheap camera Elton Musk used.
What has been popular for way too long?|Tide pods
What is the right strategy for hiring employees for startups?|Find people who really wanna work, not just looking for a job.
What is an uncertain video game reference you hope someone will understand?|You spoony bard!
Asking for a friend but what is your experience with Zoloft?|Didn't work Didn't affect depressive mood one way or the other It did suppress my ability to think creatively  It will make your sex life/masturbation/sexual fantasies much less interesting because getting it up and having an orgasm will be an absolute chore
What's the best way to give a Valentines Day Gift?|Break into her apartment and leave it in her underwear drawer.
Why are Americans find with Donald Trump funding the IRA?|I doubt most americans even know what the ira is.
What Double-Majors are worth getting and why?|If you're going to waste your time with international relations, you better major in a relevant foreign language as well.
How much more peaceful would the world be if everyone had access to clean water without lead?|Not all that much. People will always find excuses to fight over shit
I used to get oddly excited when a female would talk or even slightly flirt with me in High School. What are some pitiful things you guys enjoy?|upvotes
People who do stupid things for attention, why?|For karma.
People who post pretentious comments: Do you think you're going to change people's minds though an internet text box?|It is hilarious seeing the replies sometimes. I came up with a whole reason as to why both sides of the political spectrum in America were 'cults'. Backed it up with a ton of evidence. Was just dismissed as being wrong, coupled with countless offensive PMs.
What songs do you recommend learning on the ukulele?|"Only song that comes to mind is ""over the rainbow"", since that is the only song I've heard on the ukulele."
What's a song you've always sung incorrectly, but prefer your version to the original?|"""Blinded by the light, wrapped up like a douche"""
What task have you found very easy to do, but later found out you're doing it wrong?|life
When you cannot sleep what do you do to help?|Smoke a little weed
People who still use cabs instead of Uber or Lyft. why?|"I've never used either. Don't have the apps or accounts set up. The next time I think about Uber will be while I'm sitting in a cab, I'll think ""hmmm, maybe I should try Uber next time."" Then I'll just forget about it until the next cab ride."
what’s the best thing about the youtube?|> the youtube What are you, 60?
Besides your family, what do you love more than anything else in the world?|Music
Cops of Reddit, what can be a reasonable situation in which you won't give the person a ticket nor warning?|Big tits.
Why does your roommate suck?|Because shes a slob.
what’s the best thing about the google?|It doesn't judge me when I ask it horrifying questions.
People born without the sense to smell, how is life?|I can't smell shit
Why does OP feel so guilty for existing even though she hates her parents?|I dunno
If they were to make a movie about your life, who would you have Danny DeVito play?|My wife
What’s one movie you want a second part of but you know it will never be made?|Inception.
What is something you did when you were young and still regret?|Grow old
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve done and gotten away with?|I'm not falling for that one, copper.
Hikers, what's the strangest thing you found in the woods?|iPhone 5C This is when they were new. I was soooo happy
(Spoilers) One show gets one last season to add/change their ending. What show and how does it now end?|Can we just get Scrubs to delete the ninth season?
What Video game opening level made you want to quit the game?|Every Mega Man game I've ever played.
What's something you didn't/don't think you'll live to see?|Utopia
As a non-American who doesn't always completely get the difference between democrats and republicans: how do Trump's actions differ from how a democrat would handle things, or an other republican?|They don’t - he’s just more overt about it. Obama would do something bad and it’d be mostly brushed over due to him either supplanting it with something good or hiding it. Trump does something bad, and due to the outrage he caused to the media during 2016, they instantly bring it up and connect it with some conspiracy.
What do you feel when you Google Street View the house you grew up in?|a little quiver in my anus
"What happened to all those ""sky blasts/heavens trumpets"" that people heard and made videos about years ago?"|I still hear them 🤔
How did growing up poor affect your attitude to money as an adult?|I'm 18 and i have nothing but contempt for money. It brings the worst out people, destroys their values.
How do you clam yourself down in a really fucked up situation ?|Take a shit
What little things make you happy?|Fresh socks, having a shower that's slightly too hot but not painful, cycling during the night!
Drivers of reddit,what the most common mistake a new driver makes?|Steering whichever direction they turn their head - a problem when shoulder-checking to change lanes.
what,s the most common mistakes you have done in your school life?|Spelling.
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?|Loss.
Flight attendants of reddit, realistically what will happen if I pull the emergency lever on the door during a flight?|Nothing; the pilot has to remotely unbolt the door in addition to it being opened manually. You'd probably get a beat down from the other passengers though.
Insomia suffers of reddit, What do you do at night when you cant sleep?|Watch asmr videos on youtube
What’s the funniest/most interesting thing you have ever witnessed a drunk person do?|This YouTube video: https://youtu.be/TM0HTU9dRvk
What is your worst public restroom experience?|I fuckin slipped because everyone peed everywhere BUT the toilet. Fooking hell
What book are you currently reading?|I've been reading the never ending story for the last 25 years
What are your tricks of the trade to properly making a bed more heavenly & inviting?|Comfy sheets, a nice mattress or a foam topper to make it more comfortable, and lots of pillows. Also changing your sheets at least once a week. It's a pain in the rear to change and wash them, but so worth it for the clean feeling of getting in and getting up.
Partners of serial cheaters, why do you keep forgiving them?|Because he has a 13 inch dick and is rich.
What are some small subreddits that deserve more attention?|/r/WaspHating because fuck wasps
Why does a guy you have been just on one date with say please please please see a pic of you in a bra?|he wants to see u in a bra bc he thinks ur hot and prob wants to bang
You now have a superpower that fixes your biggest weakness/flaw. What is your new power?|my will to live
Upon waking up, what indicators immediately make it known whether it’ll potentially be a great day or likely just another lousy one?|Is weekend?  Potential.  Is workday?  Lousy.
"People who used to lie about their ""uncle working at Nintendo"" as kids, why did you do it?"|Better than admitting that the only joystick he was configuring was my dick.
Why are only white people blamed for the slave trade, when more Africans/Arabs did/still do it today?|If you're talking about the slave trade in America, it's because white people were responsible for the slave trade in America.
How do you pronounce common reddit abbreviations?|Old English style
Why is Debbie Harry a punk icon?|She was a regular at CBGB in the early days.
If you could have an unlimited number of an item, that you can purchase at a store, what would it be?|I'll have unlimited Lamborghinis, please.
People who've been on the FRONT PAGE of REDDIT how'd it feel, what was the post, and are you still chasing that high?|I've never reached the FRONT PAGE. I just want to know WHY you included some words in ALL CAPS.
What happens if we discover a fuel resource on mars? What impact would discovering fuel have on mars?|Little to none. We know of comets that have huge deposits of resources worth several trillions but they are not cost effective to send a team to go and collect them.
What's the funniest REAL name you've ever seen?|LaShi'ite
How do you handle working a full day without any sleep?|Most people go to work with out having a sleep
Why is reddit full of losers?|good question lad 🤔
What do you think of the idea that somewhere in our galaxy is a big beautiful space station where the civilizations of the galaxy conduct trade and diplomacy?|Sounds cool. Sad I probably won't live to see it.
Cashiers of Reddit, what's been the most interesting reaction you've experienced when someone's gotten their card declined?|"""Oh, you actually run it for something?"" 
I work in a hotel, and someone once didn't realize we actually run the card for room and tax plus a deposit AT CHECK IN. She had no money at check in."
Redditors, What is your perception of Africa ?|Beautiful but scary
"What screams ""I had an extremely average, middle class upbringing""?"|Posting on reddit
What is the one most efficient thing you can do to help save the environment?|dont have babies and stop using plastic
Workplace first aiders of reddit, what is the worst situation you've had to deal with?|I had a colleague open a can of corned beef. Twisting the key around until the strip of metal is removed. After finishing twisting the key, my colleague slipped and cut his arm so badly he lost two pints of blood before I could reach him to stop the bleeding. Don't believe what you see in movies. That is a huge amount of blood.
How do you think Paradise looks like?|A warm beach
To cleanse our souls after all these depressing asks, what is something positive that’s happened to you recently?|Pregnancy announcement
Why do you believe guys asks for lingerie pics of you when there are tons of other girls in lingerie and naked online?|bc he wants to see YOU naked
What are you consistently inconsistent at doing and why?|Being on time for work. I hate my job.
Reddit, what smell are you sensing at the moment?|Coffee
What has been a lot easier than you expected?|not drinking.  ive gone from drinking 5-6 days a week for 5 years, to 1-2 without an issue
What's the most humiliating/upsetting loss your favorite sports team has ever suffered?|vs Madrid '11 semis That fucking ref I couldn't knock gandhis bald head out cuz he dead asfff but I'll knock that baldy refs head out if I ever see him
If there was a huge speaker, that all of the world could hear but also connect to, which song WOULDN'T be skipped by anyone?|Hey Jude - The Beatles
People of Reddit, what was your most memorable memory with a two-faced person?|I was watching the Dark Knight in the cinema once and well... Boom boom.
what is the most useless news you ever read?|"Social media news. ""Celebrity A has posted a picture on instagram! Fans are losing their shit!"" Who writes those things."
What are your thoughts on the “grand military parade” which Trump ordered the Pentagon to plan?|Why not use the money to help all the homeless and mentally unstable vets instead of on a small penis parade?
Donald Trump asks you to come up with a plan to simultaneously invade and conquer China and Russia. What budget would you ask for to accomplish this?|Shut the Fuck up Donny.
What typical or common temptation has yet to tempt you enough to give in?|Smoking
If you could send back any photo to any time period, what would it be, when and why?|A picture of myself to when I was 13 so I could eat less junk food
Woman of Reddit: what makes you change your mind about a guy you liked at first while dating?|when I find out he's rich
How much does Elon Musk spent on Reddit PR shilling?|Woah he's on Reddit????? Hey Elon ... foook u subject!!!!
With the Falcon Heavy launch and landing yesterday, what other extraordinary things will we experience in our lifetime?|I'm gonna be the first man on mars And always remember , whatever I say, always happens. Always.
In a world where everyone has superpowers but the same super power never appears more than once what would be the most obscure ones?|The ability to make stale chips fresh again
What did a counselor / motivation speaker / book tell you that changed your life? Why did it work?|I learnt how to kill a mockingbird after reading it
Who is the creepiest person you've ever met and what made them creepy?|Don't mind me. I'm just waiting for some stories that sound familiar to me
What is on your bedroom floor?|The rest of my bedroom.
If you had to decide Musk's next venture, what would it be?|Building a fortress on an island shaped like a skull.
What are some cool/funny phrases that actually means running to the loo?|Popping to the bog.
What was your worst instance of food poisining? Where was it ? and how bad was it?|A place called Slices in Melbourne Australia. The owner keeps a filthy chef by the name of Mario employed, even tho everyone there knows he blows his nose and urinates in any meals returned for any reason. The owner pays off health inspectors even tho they get 20 compamlaints a month.
When did you realize you were in love?|when I let myself be vulnerable around her. Happened once and I will never make that mistake again
People who have started smoking in the last few months: despite the huge costs and well-documented health problems, why?|Ive been smoking a few years now, lung cancer got my granfather and my dad has chronic bronchitis (i think thats what its called) even though he quit after smoking 20 years.  The reason i kept doing it after that first one is becuase i was pretty much hooked to the nicotine high right off the bat. Once i stopped getting the little rush it gave me while smoking i was addicted and couldnt not think about it while surrounded by smokers at an art school pretty consistantly. Addiction is also aparently hereditary so i get that from my dads side. Quitting is just a monster of a task at this point.
What sentence is normal now but wouldn't have made sense 5 years ago?|Rose McGowan is relevant.
You’re a hamburger now. What’s your first move?|Check whether or not my bun has sesame seeds.
What deserves more recognition than it receives?|Chelsea Wolfe. Her music isn't for everyone, that's for sure, but she's undeniably talented.
Parents of convicted psychopaths, what were they like as children themselves?|Sorry, it's just not going to blow up like the other thread.
Are there any artists who have songs that you absolutely love but also songs that you detest?|Coldplay. Also Imagine Dragons.
What's the best sound you've ever heard?|"Hearing your crush say ""I love you"" to you for the first time"
People of reddit, what do you think should every person experience at least once that isn't normal/usual to occur?|Phish show
What made your day unpleasant recently ?|A very itchy asshole.
Speedrunners of Reddit, what games do you speedrun and why do spend your time speedrunning?|Some months ago I was trying to speedrun gta San andreas. It's just fun to pass a game so perfectly and fast, and the feeling of surpassing your current time, it's the competitive feeling.
What made you realize you liked your friend more than a friend?|That moment you find their scent arousing. Sounds weird, but ya'll (hopefully) know what I mean.
how people burp in-front of public?|After living in China for 7 years, I'm a bit too liberal with my gas expulsions. It's only when I go back to the UK to visit friends and family that I realize I'm burping and farting way too obviously.
What is something popular now, but everyone will look back at five years from now and think it is stupid and embarrassing?|PUBG
What's the worst movie experience you've had?|Watching Cannibal Holocaust while eating dinner.
Interracially mixed married couples, how do your families get along?|They've never met. Even if they did, I don't think they would be able to communicate.
What sort of TV title would you give for your life if it was a show?|"""Circling the Drain"""
What is the difference of College and University?|expensive..... expensive...er
How long will Elon Musk's Tesla last in space, and what would fail first?|I'd imagine traction control will be the first thing to fail.
What song title describes your life perfectly right now?|Failure by design
What does it mean when a guy says you checked all of his boxes even ones he didn't even know he had?|You have all the qualities he's looking for and some great qualities he hadn't previously considered.
Southern redditors, why do you ONLY drink lemonade while on a porch?|Are you forgetting about fried chicken and tea so sweet it may as well be syrup?
What are some great songs about going through a tough time but not giving up?|Peter Gabriel’s “don’t give up”
What’s a reference you wish people would stop making?|I wish people would stop referring to the red pill and the blue pill.
Why when I wake up my socks are gone?|Your dryer is sneaking into your room and eating them.
What's a situation you've found yourself totally unprepared for, but somehow you came out successful from?|Going to the festival EDC in Las Vegas
Which words in your language doesn't translate into English?|Gezellig
What's the weirdest/strangest thing you've found lying on the ground?|When I was a kid and still living in England, around 20 years ago, I was on a walk with my parents. I raced ahead and walked alone towards the end. As we were coming towards our village I imagined finding a £1 coin on the floor. The image popped in to my head clear as day. Sure enough about 2 or 3 minutes further down the path, I find a £1 coin laying on the floor amongst the grass. No one has ever believed me. A few weird things like that happened to me when I was a kid.
Why are people so easily offended these days?|"People have always been easily offended.  Decades ago, people burned records, thought heavy metal was Satanist propaganda, that the sight of naked breasts in Playboy, or the word ""fuck"" would surely bring about the apocalypse. People don't like having their values and sensibilities challenged and they never will."
In politics, what is the red and blue pill?|A vacuous term that doesn't mean anything. Like a million different special interest groups have claimed the 'red pilled' motif for themselves. It's pretty much become a thought terminating cliche. Broadly speaking, red pilled means you're aware of all the cool secret stuff that most people aren't, and blue pilled means you're an ignorant moron. It's the same as terms like woke, sheeple and drone.
What's the strangest thing you've seen in other cars while waiting in traffic?|A guy biting into a raw onion like it was an apple. While driving.
What website(s) did you frequent 5+ years ago that you no longer do?|Facebook.
What's your most irrational fear?|I’m afraid of ice skating because I’m afraid that I will fall and then someone will skate over my arm and slice it open
What terrible movie can't you resist rewatching?|Attack of the Killer Tomatoes
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?|"""if you want my WiFi we can negotiate (number of the person)"""
What made your best boss your best boss or worst boss your worst boss?|My worst boss (was my first boss) tried to guilt trip me every month into not asking for my pay - because they never transferred me any ever in the 6 months i worked as a waitress there. Every month i’d have to go up to the office, where she would be super angry and i had to walk on eggshells “ohh all you ever want is money, the business is going slow, we are habing so many problems and now my cousin is sick” Don’t let anyboy guilt trip you into asking less than what you worked for
what was the little mistakes that made the titanic sink?|"Instead, they believe it was a series of factors, called an “event cascade,"" that caused the Titanic to sink so quickly. For example, experts believe the ship was sailing too fast for the icy conditions. Moreover, they think Captain Edward J. Smith paid too little attention to iceberg warnings that had been received."
People who have backed a product on Kickstarter, did the quality live up to expectations?|Backed an avocado growing thing - quality is as promised and it looks exactly like the initial design idea
Just received a message on LinkedIn from someone with the last name Sackrider, what is the most unfortunate name you've ever encountered?|When I was a teenager, Balzac was the most hilarious name, ever.
What’s your unexplained experience?|Lmao
What crazy and unforgettable thing did that kid who hated high school ''a bit too much'' do?|Try and do the Cossack for roughly 4 hours at a party
Dear Reddit, what product or service purchased made your life 10 times better or easier?|spermicidal lube
Reddit: You’re on a super tight budget...what are some fun things to do that’s free?|Sex
What are you hopeful about?|Currently me and my bf are unemployed. Have been for some time. I’m hopeful we’ll get full time jobs and be working in a month from now.
What are you shamefully jealous of?|Girls with big boobs. I want a boob job. Skinny girl probs
Can community college really be that affordable without financial aid? If you went and paid by yourself, what did you go for and how much did you pay?|I paid about 800 dollars overall for this semester, without financial aid. Compare that to tuiton fees of universities charging 15,000 dollars per term. With financial aid and scholarships you'd find yourself paying a lot less as well.
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever smelled?|Dad's gym shorts
What are your best Valentine's Day pick-up/charming quotes?|If you're lucky I'll let you go down on me
What tastes better than it smells?|A lot of smelly cheeses.
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?|Sigourney Weaver was travelling through a sewer with a group of people, trying to find a murderer. Turned out the murderer was her special needs brother, who killed the whole group, and then her, leaving himself alone without realizing it, while she died oblivious because she was delirious due to dehydration and starvation.
If animals lived in a house like we do, who'd have the dirtiest house and who'd have the cleanest?|Cats would probably have the cleanest.. Pigs would have the dirtiest as it would always be a pigsty!
In a haiku, how would you describe your 2018 so far?|Some things change Some things don't. We keep on living.
"What does it mean when a guy holds your hands and says ""maybe one day I will write a song about you""?"|It means he might write a song doesn't mean he will.  Now can you go get me a beer
Perfectionists of Reddit, what little imperfection gets to you the most?|Charging cords that are twisted slightly so that they don't lie completely flat when unplugged.
How can you get over loving someone you can’t be with due to Geographical barriers/distance?|Time. And if needed, removing reminders of them from your life.
What is the best thing that has ever happened?|Spandex
Who is the most successful idiot you know?|Inb4 Trump spam
When was the villain more likable than the hero?|Megamind.
Complainers of Reddit, what type of Reddit posts really grind your gears?|"Broad political posts with rhetorical questions or agendas. "" why do sjws get so triggered about feminism""... blah blah blah"
What was the most embarrassing thing you did in front of your crush?|Cried when she was leaving, it was her last day as a student teacher.
Other than yourself, who or what would you like to send to Space?|Anybody or anything who would make material contributions to making space access easier
Dear People with social lives (not me) of reddit, what are some social trends that died incredibly quickly?|You mean like fashion?
If you could choose a country to be born into, which would it be and why?|The USA, immediate and free citizenship.
People of reddit, what features do you think a mobile phone should have that’s not avialable at the moment?|Thermometer?
What’s the most specific thing anyone has ever said to hurt you?|You’re too easily offended
What is your best encounter with a supernatural creature or being (Bigfoot, Nessie, aliens, etc.)?|"I hactually saw the Loch Ness Monster one time. I was at the lake when it popped up from water. I asked, ""what do you want"", being afraid he would eat me, and you know what he said?"
What is something you can’t ignore about someone ever since you were told about it?|Tom Cruise's teeth
What is your favourite Game/Movie/Show Soundtrack?|Halo soundtrack
People with more than one tattoo, what motivated you to get more tattoos?|I was covering scars and it took a lot more than one tattoo
Why can't OP just die and not have to go through the pain of life?|"Hey OP, I have some subreddits to recommend to you:
r/depression/
r/SuicideWatch/"
Blind people of reddit, how do you know when you’re done wiping?|"Here are some ideas:
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/674dz3/blind_people_of_reddit_how_do_you_know_when_you/ Now go come up with an original post."
Blind people who are afraid of ghosts: how do you protect yourself?|Mmankmmmakknnna SJ.  Bsbanbabba.  And Shaba babnabnannb koooo ... ..... ...... ₩어아ㅏ터ㅓ
Who is the world’s greatest comedian?|George Carlin
What was the best meal you ever ate?|Me and my father woke up really early in the morning on thanksgiving and spent the entire day cooking. A couple breaks here and there but we were always in the kitchen. My sister and brother ate small snacks throughout the day but me and my father were waiting. We finish up cooking and ate about half of what we cooked. Good memory. Turkey, mashed potatoes, baked macaroni and cheese, 7 layer dip, pie, and many, many more dishes.
Which do you believe has had the greatest effect on your current situation: The actions of others, or your own actions?|My actions have always had the greatest effect in my life.
What is your side hustle?|Ruffling the jimmies of Redditors.
What are some good questions to ask your S.O. to get to know them in a unique or more intimate way?|What do you think happens after you die? Or  What goes through your mind when you look at the stars?
What is the weirdest sport if played naked?|Wrestling
Fuck Folgers, what's the actual best part of waking up?|Turning the snooze button off to sleep in late.
Republicans of Reddit, what are some Democrat initiatives that you support / supported?|Abortion, legal weed, prostitution being legal.
What makes you instantly dislike someone?|That dude-bro attitude
What is something you've done that you're not proud of?|One time I made a sarcastic remark to a guy selling toiletry sets in a street stall in Bangkok and it didn’t go over well. I saw the look on his face and thought, “Holy s*, I’m being ‘That guy’”. I humbly bought two and learned something that day.
If you're being held hostage and can pick the cast from one TV show to find and rescue you, who would you choose?|TWD crew - those guys manage to get their friends out of all kinds of impossible situations & have infinite ammo at times, very handy.
Homeowners of Reddit, what do you wish you would have known before buying your first house?|I got my current home because it was the best I could get for the price. I now know to get my next place in a good neighborhood near stores, doctors, and places I go often...and to get a place where rain water doesn't collect and flood into the house.
Those who have cut their parents (one or both) out of their lives, what was the final straw and have you tried to reconcile since then?|They grounded me and I said no I ain’t gonna take it
what is the craziest and dumbest thing you've ever done all in the name of Love?|I moved 1000 miles to get away from an ex I still was in love with.
Why do you like spring season?|"1. Spring training
2. Motorcycle comes out of the garage
3. Restrictive clothing layers get removed until Fall"
What are some simple heists you have pulled in your life?|I changed my entire country's perception in the world  And I did it all on my own 🇮🇳  It is my proudest achievement yet
What's your favorite corny joke?|Why do chicken coops always have two doors? Because if they had four doors, they would be chicken sedans.
"Is ""double clutching"" shifting while racing really a thing, as stated by Vin Diesel in ""The Fast and the Furious""? Why or why not?"|Not while racing. It’s for unsynchronized transmissions. Instead of 1-2 it’s 1-N-2
To those who have had to pass kidney stones, how painful are they?|"Worst pain I've ever experienced in my life. It feels like someone is dragging a blade very slowly down one of your organs. The pain is super sharp and constant, literally took me to the ground. I cursed out everyone in the ER, because of how long they were taking. I almost flipped off the guy taking my blood, as I just wanted them to help me already. My doctor came in and asked ""worst pain in your life?""
I answered yes
She goes ""it's a kidney stone""
""Male version of childbirth"""
What is the broest thing a bro has done for you?|Bro fist
What do you predict everyday fashion of the 2030’s will be like ?|Neon coloured thongs, thigh high socks and neck rings
What is the biggest dick move your cat has done?|Farted while I was under a blanket with him.
What are some ways to find out if someone likes you WITHOUT asking?|ask someone to ask for you. Don;t actually do that, unless you are in 3rd grade or something
Redditors in long term relationships - how do you keep the spark alive?|By not being needy, by being open (in all senses), and just accepting your SO. Also random acts of kindness is a good. Just don't get your partner a surprise 3some ...
What sequel deserves a sequel?|Half-Life 2
What trendy, unfounded theory is absolutely insane to even consider?|Vaccines cause autism.
People who got lost in the wilderness while hiking etc., how did you feel and how did you find your way back?|I would call the situation ‘geographically embarrassed’ When I was in my teens, I did a 4 day A to B hike with 2 friends as part of a school camp.  Day 1 was fine, but we got hopelessly lost in the morning of day two. We ended up going back to the campsite and starting again at about lunchtime. Walked till about 8pm and collapsed. By lunchtime on day 3, we realised we’d gone way off track in the dark. We walked as far as we could, but one guy in the group had fallen ill, so we stopped early evening. Day 4 before lunch we stumbled across a road and just sat there and waited for someone to drive past. As it was in the middle of the Australian outback, this could have been a very long wait. Luckily, after about 5 hours of waiting, someone drove past, and relayed a message to the camp supervisor to come get us.  Got back to camp late evening on day 4... sick as hell and relieved as fuck. A cold shower has never felt so good.
What mildly illegal thing do you do regularly?|It’s a trap
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever done?|Probably the only mean thing I have done in my life tbh. My brother and his friends commandeered our tree house, and wouldnt let me in. I lobbed a few rocks in the window like I was throwin nades, hit my bro right in the face with one, he was bleeding.
What’s something that would be embarrassing not to know?|Reddit
This guy finally pushed her too much with his asking for lingerie pics but they set a date for friday. How can she call it off and what excuse does she give?|Just say no
What commonly inaccurately portrayed thing in movies or TV never ceases to annoy you?|Finnish people. They talk too much in the TV.
How would people react if a UFO landed on Earth and we discovered there were only replica alien statues inside?|I would suggest putting replica human statues inside and send it back.
What's something your parents did right when they raised you?|They sent me outside to play and didn't make a hassle. I bet half the time they didn't even know where I was, exactly. But that was what village life was like back then.
What's the best feeling you've ever felt?|Getting kissed by my crush
What’s the most ethical way to treat DACA recipients?|Let them become citizens
People who quit gaming, what do you do instead?|Went back to gaming
Cases in which the sequel was better than the first movie/game?|Team Fortress 2
Democrats of Reddit, what are some Republican initiatives that you support / supported?|Umm... Hmm... Well, they, like the democrats, have led a few half hearted attempts at reducing prescription drug prices. Then there's the efforts the libertarian wing of the party have made at bringing an end to the war on drugs and taking cannabis off the schedule 1 list. Many of them are for closing the gunshow loophole, but the moment the NRA hears about that, their spines turn to mush.
What are some of your late night thoughts?|Are my pop tarts considered breakfast even though I haven't slept yet?
How can a girl be certain a guy wants her for more than just sex?|Well if he stays after sex then he wants her more than sex
Why couldn't we create a collective insurance company that bases premiums on healthy habits?|Like the NHS?
If money wasn't an issue, what would you do to improve your everyday life?|Move somewhere nicer, take my driving lessons and get a car. I would also go on 3 holidays a year, 2 to somewhere sunny and 1 to somewhere I can hike.
Reddit, my mom blocked my porn, so pls what's the most erotic thing you've ever done?|There's porn on reddit...go look for it.
What thing are you not but you have an interesting story about not being that thing?|r/titlegore I can serve these up all day
What would you reply if someone asks “where did you fuckup your life “ ?|When I decided to get a job as an EMT.. it led to 2 miserable years and quoting abruptly. Then leaving my state. Ending up broke and coming back to be unemployed for months because the only place that wanted me back was a job I hated
What phrase or expression do you use regularly, despite having no idea of the meaning?|I constantly hear folks refer to their children as chipsters.
Why can't others accept that OP wasn't meant for life and should just die?|Why do you say op wasn't meant for life?
Redditors from highly publicized states like New York and California, what are your thoughts when seeing a local city making national headlines?|I live in Texas for example, and while we do have big cities like Dallas and Austin, I never really think of them as nationally recognizable cities such as Miami, Seattle, or even Compton. As a south Texan, even seeing headlines about the Spurs winning a championship seems to be under-rated  compared to the same headline featuring the Warriors. Is that just me, or do y’all know what I mean?
Can anyone else hear facebook turn on your headphones when you open facebook?|My headphones? No.
What’s your favorite seafood? And you would like to eat and eat it?|Crab legs gotta hit you with the r/titlegore though
People in happy relationships: what is your SO's worst trait?|Kittybutt talks too much Like I thot I spoke too much but omahhgawdddd that bitch keeps goin on and on fuckin loser
Adults of Reddit, how often do you visit your parents?|Almost every day my moms the bomb.com
What bad breakup tips actually worked for you?|Not everyone can find true love
Why would a guy tell a girl he is courting he knows what he wants but most people online don't know what they're looking for?|I'm not really sure the question but I will take a guess. He would probably say this because he hasn't met the girl he wants to settle down with. Am I close?
People who talk out loud to yourself. Do you know your doing it?|A.k.a welcome to the men's public restroom
I’m 30 today, what would be you one bit of advice for me?|stop here. dont get older
What are some keyboard shortcuts that we should know about?|Alt-F4
What's the worst thing about your life and why haven't you done anything about it?|That I have the potential to be so much more than I am and reach the goals I so desperately want, but i'm just not doing it. I've had depression for quite a while now and it's been a long road getting from the point of letting it control me to managing it. Next step is overcoming it. It's a long process I'll get through, but it takes time, patience, and hard work.
Restaurant employees, what's the craziest conversation you've overheard?|A girl talking about how she went to a credit union and later that evening, the clerk had messaged her on Facebook and found her off the name of her credit card.  A woman who was stuck in a really ugly divorce. She was very professional and polite about it but clearly distressed. I bought her her beer after her friend she was dining with shouted the info to me.  A guy talking about how he got blacked out w old Chinese men in Beijing and how he woke up with a tattoo that said I hate China in Chinese.  A girl talking me that she had been to jail for some shit. Didn't say, just lifted her head and dramatically glared. One time I found a black thong left behind at the table. One time a homeless man asked to see my manager. He didn't look homeless, just like a normal dude so I went and got him. He yelled at my boss for yelling at him for taking a shit on the exterior of our restaurant. Sorry max
When was the last time you genuinely felt afraid?|Just 4 minutes ago. Almost crashed into a bike.
"What ""weird"" kinks do you have?"|If I'm sitting for awhile (say studying for example) I quickly extend each arm to crack my elbows. My friends always think its weird that I can do that
What was the trashiest thing you have ever seen?|A young mom got in a heated argument with someone at the mall... she had her kid with her in a stroller during the argument.. and the stroller flipped over so the toddler was face down to the ground, and the mom didn’t notice and was dragging the stroller behind her as she was swearing and screaming.
What are some things that literally make no sense?|The size of the universe
What was your 15 minutes of fame?|This comment
What brand name has become the name of the product?|Hoover
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?|Obviously cats would be the rudest.
What's this spaceman in the car that I keep seeing on mass repost?|Falcon heavy had a test launch yesterday, and the car along with the driver was the test payload, to gain free publicity for tesla/Elon Musk.
What is the biggest problem in your country and how would you fix it?|the government tried to tax tap water and the tap water here is dirty
What's the worst taste you've ever tasted?|Period blood Edit : not willingly
what is the best state in America and why?|Ohio because we're basically Canada Jr.
Why should OP be forced to continue living if she doesn't want to?|I’ve seen you post a few of these questions now. I’d recommend you go to a subreddit for depression or suicide, or call a suicide hotline as soon as possible. your life is worth living, I promise
People of Reddit, what’s the biggest thing that others knew but nobody told you about until it happened?|"I do appreciate you directing ""The people of Reddit"" directly, or they would have never know."
What are your top travel destinations?|Mexico, Thailand or the Philippines Lots of cheap food, cheap drinks, cheap lodging and...cheap girls. :)
People who are good looking how do you notice it’s easier to pick up men/women?|Just smiling the right way will do it sometimes. Also, they approach you. Rarely do you have to make the first move.
Who is the kindest person you know?|Not me
Firefighters, Paramedics and Police of Reddit what was the strangest call out you ever got?|"None of the above but had a friend who responded to a call and told me a horrific story... I’ll keep it as short and simple as I can 
All I know is fire and paramedics respond to a call at a residence. There’s a very angry older man outside the home. Upon entering the residence there was a teen girl who had been having anal sex with her boyfriend, the father of the girl walked in on them. The motion of the boyfriend pulling out and her clenching her butt, it caused her insides to come outside..... all I know is she was rushed to ER and her booty insides were put back inside!!!??!!"
When was trusting your gut NOT the right decision?|Last night my hockey team lost 1-2. The second goal against us was scored after my turnover. There's a rule that you never pass out of your defensive zone along the middle - always the boards. I thought I saw a great opportunity to set another guy up for a breakaway and it would be fine this one time... My pass was intercepted on the blue line, I went to check the guy and his shot deflected off my hip into our goal.
What is the one song that always makes you reminisce on the past?|Auld Lang Syne.
What’s the first thing you’d do if you woke up as a ghost hovering over your own dead body?|Scream
Who's the most important figure in your life? And why?|I think it should be yourself, because sometimes no one can be there for you.
What's The Last Book You Read?|Lincoln in the Bardo.  Crazy, bizarre, and very moving.
What are you supposed to do with Reddit gold?|Buy low sell high
What’s the funniest video you have seen on YouTube?|https://youtu.be/XfMNhtu8W1s
Why do most people dont shower before they go to bed?|I feel like its pointless, I sometimes sweat while I sleep, so I shower in the mornings.
After you started to make some decent money, what did you treat yourself to?|Quality dog food
how much carma do you like to get?|10000
What's the worst smell you've ever smelled?|It was a smell that smelled smelly.
How did you manage to get rid of a bad habit ?|I ran out of money to support it.
You are a talking duck with intelligence of a human, you have to take over the leadership of a country. How do you do it?|I start by selling insurance.
What are the chances of Trump winning again in 2020?|Higher than they fucking should be,
what is the temperature now?|Idk
People often say that people in the US are crazy to eat Why is it like this ?|Because they're not very nutritious
Parents, what's the creepiest thing your child has ever said?|"3 yr old: 
Mommy I was in Auschwitz last night and men were hurting me.  We have never watched or discussed the holocaust with her."
What do you wish you could tell your partner to change in bed?|A clone of her
what is the best internet security?|Don't use the internet.
What is the hardest thing to believe when you are molested?|That I was chosen,  normally I'm the last picked for the ball team
What's one small thing you do to treat yourself?|I eat one spoon of honey every morning before the breakfast.
What world record do you think you can break?|"The amount of times Ive said ""I give up"" today"
What's easier done than said?|Breathing
What toy from your childhood do you wish you still had, what was it, and for what reason?|"I used to have a lot of the Starships from Star Trek: The Next Generation. They were a good size and had all the sounds on them like for engaging warp drive, firing phasers/torpedoes.  I loved playing with them when I was a kid, but I was quite reckless with them. I'd love to still have them but in pristine condition as they had stands you could put them on too. They'd probably be pretty valuable by now. The ones I used to have were: * NCC 1701-D Enterprise
* NCC 2000 Excelsior
* Klingon Bird of Prey
* Klingon Vor'cha Battlecruiser
* Romulan Warbird It makes me so sad that all of these are long gone from my life as I grew into a lot more of a trekkie than I was back when I actually had these toys."
Graphic designers of reddit, how did you start your career?|"I am a guy with a year of experience in IT. I am switching my career path to the arts industry. I did freelance work before. I have a portfolio to show but I don't have the confidence to flaunt it out to employers. Neither do I have any educational background in arts nor a professional work experience in the industry. I have been rejected by multiple companies already, saying ""although your portfolio had some very good points, it was not selected for further consideration after careful evaluation."" I am starting to doubt myself and I am thinking to just give up on this. TL;DR: I am targeting an entry-level position in the arts industry (graphic designer). Can you critique my work? Link to my portfolio below: https://drive.google.com/open?id=14-JoKLkUKApnCSG8xYqox78tRQR38OgI"
What makes Falcon Heavy so historic?|It was a private company doing this, not the Government of the largest State in the world! Are we cool with private companies developing ICBMs?
"What's the TV show that makes you stay up at night saying: ""Just one more episode""?"|The office. I have watched it over and over. But I can’t turn it off.
How do you respond to the ‘well too bad, life is unfair statement’?|People who say this can fuck off. I seriously doubt that anybody I know could suffer the same health issues I do and still push themselves so hard just to try and do some work to actually feed myself.
What is a 1099? Where is it located on your W2 form?|A 1099 is different than a w2. Both are tax forms issued by the entity that reported your income to the IRS. The difference is with a w2, you were classified as an employee. Your company would have paid a portion of your taxes for you. With a 1099, you were classified as an independent contractor and not an employee. You are responsible for your full taxes. The entity issuing the 1099 paid no taxes on your behalf.
You're on death row for 35 years, the day has finally come, what are you eating for your last meal? And what are your last words?|My last moments browsing Reddit and this fucking question pops up for the eight millionth time.
What's one show that grabbed you and didn't let go till the end?|6 feet under. Holy shit so many things in that show hit me hard and then the ending left me in tears.
U.S. Car Insurance Company Employees of Reddit, What makes, model, and year cars tend to have the lowest monthly cost for the policy holder?|The newer the better. Avoid any sort of luxury car or import. Your age/driver rating and the area you live are going to have more of an impact than the car though. If you're young, along with yourself nominate one of your parents as a regular driver also and it will bring premiums down. The company I work for care about where you keep the car as well. If it's parked in a garage the money you save is huge compared to in the driveway or on the street. They care about potential hail damage if you can't get it under cover at night and you pay for it.
Wouldn’t it be good if the world would get the same laws everywhere by now?|Nice try Illuminati.
People who are good looking do you notice it’s easy to talk to people you’re interested in or do you notice people try to come onto you?|I'm aware of it on a rational level, because I never get shut down outright and can get away with saying stupid shit, but that doesn't really make it easy. I tend to go for long relationships, so I can count the number of times I've rolled that dice on two hands and have fingers left over. I wouldn't even know how to handle rejection.
What sort of conversation would you love to have with someone from the year 1900?|Current political climate
Redditors who finally haf sex with someone you've been fantasizing for a long time: How was the actual act compared to the roleplay in your mind?|Even better then I thought it would be. We met 15 years ago online, have been together for 7, and married for 3
What is your life motto?|My brother died just 13 days ago. He was just of 14. It was the beautiful morning of 3rd October of 2017. I was reading newspaper and enjoying the tea. Mom and dad were busy in their tasks. Suddenly my brother came to me and said- BROTHER, I WILL BE LEARNING ANDROID APP DEVELOPMENT AND SOMEDAY I WILL BE A VERY GOOD DEVELOPER. I looked at him, smiled and said YOU CAN’T BE ANYTHING. YOU CAN JUST MAKE ME FOOL.  I said this because it was normal that if he comes to me in morning with his new ideas, there are 99% chances that he will demand some money for fun. Well, I gave him $10 and said to him that go and eat something and forget about everything.(because I am here for you and you don’t need to do anything as I love you.) So, the day flew away. In evening, he came to me and returned my money. I was shocked because it was never happened till now. Well, I asked him the reason (because till that day, he did not returned any single penny) and he said that he needs my laptop and it is the deposit. I saw him with feared smile. Feared I was because he even didn’t knew that how to turn on the laptop(even Basics you can say) and what if he will crash my system by pressing the keys. I was smiling also because I was thinking that he has been mad because it might be that his friends told him and they even don’t know that how this world operates itself. Well, After some sweet fights…I agreed and I gave him my laptop but with secondary account. As well as, I installed wireless internet connectivity, so that he can use the Internet(by searching some odd keywords) and he will learn at least something. I also told him some basics like how to use Internet, Google Chrome, MS Word, Notepad etc and rest i left all over him and believe me, it was amazing to see him while trying to search the keywords which even don’t exist.  After 7 days, he became master in surfing internet and typing something. Also, he learnt that there is a service named YouTube which relates to videos for everything. So he started watching videos related android development and all. As well as, also he started reading the articles on internet related to android development. It took him 18 days for understanding the everything  which was needed for developing an application. Even, I was amazed to see him that he was too fast in learning the programming. After doing all this, he demanded a brand new laptop. I didn’t gave him new one because till now I was not sure that he going to create something. So I gave him mine with full access.  After taking my laptop, he starting waking up for 18-20 hours in a day and started writing the codes. I remember that he never wanted to sleep those days even after my requests. He wrote 1000 of codes each day and when he stuck somewhere, he starts exploring the forums for his problem. Also, he was learning the PhotoShop for UI from YouTube.  Till that stage, I didn’t know that what he was creating actually. And finally, output was InPhone Music Player. He was very happy and he announced in street that he is mini Sundar Pichai.  He launched beta version of his app on playstore as well as on some more websites on 8-9 December and started sorting out the bugs. After he unpublished his app from Playstore(Later he got that you can roll out the full version from beta stage) and prepared full launch. It was 14th January, 2018. He was very excited because today it was his birthday as well as, he was planning to launch the full version of his app. He took my bicycle and went to market for taking something for mom but didn’t returned. After searching, we found that he was in a nearby hospital because he meet an accident. We reached there and shifted him to a new and better hospital but he couldn’t make it and left us. While, it has been 13 days without him…I started learning android since today for pursuing my brother‘s dream (Her dream was watching his app till 1L download). I will make his application as best as I can and I will make his dream come true. I have uploaded his music player on Google Play store. You can also checkout https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mybsolutions.musicplayer A Small Request- Please don’t rate him negative at Play Store even you don’t like the app. Just mail at the support email that what is the bug exactly and uninstall the app. I will definitely fix that bug and will let you know. If any YouTuber is reading this article, please review his app on your YouTube channel. I will be very thankful to you.
How do you craft your three wishes to a malicious Genie and not have anything bad happen to you?|Hire a lawyer
What’s the actual last thing you purposefully did for the sake of your own enjoyment?|Locking myself in the bathroom so I could watch the Falcon 9 Heavy launch in peace without people asking why someone would watch that....
What new word/term really grinds your gears?|"this is a dumb one but i HATE when people say ""addy"" instead of address"
What's a compliment that's actually an insult?|‘You actually look nice today!’
What's your favourite dead/defunct video game?|Dust 514. Goddamn do I miss fragging the hell out of people with a portable plasma cannon.
Why would somebody pay for porn in this day an age?|Some kinks are harder to find than others.
Who in your opinion are the most badass women in any form of media?|Wonder Woman. She's like a female Kratos.
What are the pros and cons of a worldwide currency?|Ask Greece. They know what it's like to have other countries decide your currency for you. What works for one country may well be a disaster for another country.
What is the one subreddit you will never visit?|askreddit
Anyone else feels like they don't know what they're doing with their life?|Yup no fucking clue
What are the remaining great human endeavours that we know about?|Cold fusion
Redditors that were eating unhealthy and now eat an healthy diet, how did you do it? Where do you find inspiration for healthy cooking?|I looked shit in my nudes. Not anymore
If your ass and butthole was a sports car which model would it be and why?|a) username checks out b) wtf is this question c) idk about ass and butthole but my cock would be a Bugatti Veyron; short and quick
It’s tricky to pin down what time actually is, is time actually an illusion?|Time was created because Space was lonely.
If you could go back in time and erase the memory of you from someone without consequence would you do it and who would you do it to?|Isn't that what Bill Cosby did? Just on a smaller scale? Jus' sayin.
Some people have dreams that are repetitive, always look the same and appear a number of times for years. What’s the most recurrent dream you’ve been having in your life?|For example, mine is that I try to run from something and my body is heavy, almost glued to the surface and unable to move fast at all. It feels like I’m moving in slow motion whilst everything around me is happening at a normal pace. All that while escaping a collapsing building/after seeing a bomb being dropped/from a tornado. I’ve had this dream for at least 15 years and it happens every 2 months or so.
What is the most NSFW thing that you've ever seen in a classroom?|a buttplug being removed from an asshole
What are some small changes and tips that can help positively improve your life?|* Not using your phone other electronics before you sleep  * Stretching and meditation
People who place mirrors next to their toilets, why?|Toilet selfies
What’s the reason for home dogs being more aggressive than stray dogs?|Where did you come to this conclusion?
Reddit, here’s your chance, what has been your best anonymous random act of kindness?|I dropped a $10 note in a buskers case this xmas just gone when she was talking to someone as she was extremely talented and had played for the whole hr I was in the food court without pestering anyone, just smiling and playing.
What sounds great in theory, but ultimately fails in reality?|Communism
What's the best medication for mild depression?|Fresh air and good food
Non-Redditors on Reddit, what are you doing here?|Government spies, the lot of 'em.
What are things you hate to do in public?|Everything.
What's the worst smell you have ever come across?|Can you guess?
What's the most boring book you've ever read?|Pride and Prejudice.
"Why are the dark ages considered the ""dark ages"" like it was a time of nothing going on?"|It's called the dark ages, because of the lack of information from the era, a lot of scriptures were burned or never written, so historians don't know much about the dark ages.
What hobby looked incredibly boring but ended up being fun?|Fidget spinners
What’s the worst early morning call you have gotten?|my friend called me at 6am to ask if I wanted breakfast. it's Saturday, who the hell wants breakfast!
Parents of Reddit, what rules, that you hated your parents for, have you inflicted on your own children?|All of them *maniacal laughter*
Employers of Reddit, what is something unique/unorthodox an interviewee said/did during an interview that got them the job?|"Me: ""What's your main weakness?"" Him: ""I can't think of any weaknesses I may have...so maybe hubris."""
Non-US redditors, what's the big news story in your country at the moment?|> Brussels wants to ground all our planes!  or something like that
r/AskReddit, how did you get your first job?|Walked in, asked for a job, walked out 10 minutes later with a job.
What’s your go to song when life gets you down?|"Wake up-eden ""sun is always shining somewhere, I just gotta there"" me irl b/c wtf I've been stuck on this useless piece of code the whole day without sunlight"
If you wanted to colonize Mars by having a baby with Elon Musk, what would you do to get started?|have a sex change
Why is Reddit so obsessed with deaf people?|Maybe because they can have open conversations with them and address curiosities that redditors would feel more shy and reserved about asking IRL. I mean its a bit awkward to ask in person stuff like ‘can you hear any sounds in your dreams? Are your other senses more enhanced? How does -insert experience here- feel for you?’ And it gives both sides the anonymity to talk freely. This is just my impression though. What do you think is the reason?
Who would win in a fight: a fully grown silverback ape or a fully grown Bengal tiger?|Tiger
Ok Harry Potter/Game of Thrones fans, who is the worst out of Joffrey and Umbridge?|Ramsay Bolton.
What can make you throw out your pride and dignity?|a girl
People who got fired from Spacex, what happened and would you do it again if you could?|Kept taking Italian Luigi's lunch and yes I would.  She makes the best spaghetti
What item (cheap or expensive) can provide an improvement to your life quality?|Bicycle.
Which condimemt would be least effective to bathe in?|Honey
What's your favourite Jordan Peterson idea?|"""It's so arrogant to say that communism just hasn't been properly tried"""
If you were given 1 redo for any moment/mistake/missed opportunity in your life, what would it be?|Don't start smoking.
On a less depressing note, what's the BEST sound you've ever heard?|Mixing Mac and cheese
What great subreddits have you not created because you have no interest in becoming a moderator?|r/tidepodrecipes
What's the most depressing town or city you've ever visited?|Odessa Texas
Given the chance. What would you send on a rocket into space?|Me.
What’s the funniest kid logic you’ve heard?|I went to school yesterday (first day), why do I need to go again?
Which industry is severely underpaid?|Waiters
Reddit, how do you stay positive?|I think that the life is a joke and laugh at it a bit.
Addicts of Reddit, what advice would you tell a nonaddict who's interested in dating an addict?|Depends on the addiction but basically I'd say don't expect that you're able to cure them. It's not your job. Be supportive if they want to get rid of their addiction. Don't become an addict yourself
What are some of your favorite board games?|One of my friends got Settlers of Catan recently, we spent most of Christmas day on that. I'm also a big fan of Stratego.
What was the weirdest/most awkward conversation you had with your parents?|"my girlfriend and I have a relationship where we fulfill what you might call traditional roles. I carry things for her that she's perfectly capable of carrying herself. She picks things up after me around the place, that I'm perfectly capable of picking up for myself. My parents have suggested to me, that the reason I prefer that sort of relationship, is because they gave me a complex. They're both women, and from their armchair psychologist perspective, they think that I'm extra concerned about having a traditional relationship, with a strong male dynamic, because I grew up around an untraditional relationship, with no male dynamic. I was thinking ""can we not discuss my subconscious psychosexual motivations please"""
Which imaginary character can you not STAND?|Dolores Umbridge
Skeptics of Reddit, have you ever had a paranormal experience that couldn't be logicked away? What's the story and how have you fit it into your belief system?|Here's mine: I was once dragged along to see a psychic who made an eerily specific and accurate prediction about something, and though I argued with her, telling her that it was impossible for such and such reasons, she wouldn't back down, calmly repeating that this was what she saw. Lo and behold, a bizarre set of circumstances came together a few months later and her prediction became true. I still can't explain it, no matter how I try. I also kick myself constantly that I don't remember anything else she told me (tbh I spent most of the allotted time arguing with her about the original prediction and why it was bullshit/impossible).
If you got a million dollars for every finger you cut off, starting in succession from left hand pinky and across (no anesthetic)....how many would you chop?|Well since it doesn't specify that it has to be mine, I'm looking at becoming a serial pinky collector.
Why Does Trump Want a Military Parade?|Everyone loves parades. Why not?
Which movie do you like the most and why?|Terminator 2. It's pretty, good story, gives me tinglies.
What single experience made you grow up the most in your life?|When I was down to one months rent and my deposit with no see able source of income for more rent or food
What are some of the worst parenting techniques that you’ve seen in public?|> stop crying or I'll give you something to cry about.     When you find yourself saying these words, you've failed as a parent.
Deaf people, what are you favorite sign language puns?|Do you have Skype?
You're cruising around in your spaceship and all of a sudden come across a weird looking red craft not at all suitable for space travel floating around aimlessly, with what looks like som sort of being in the driver position. What's your reaction?|Do the thing where you signal truck drivers to honk their horn!
"When it says ""Push Any Button"", which one do you push?"|Enter or Space Bar.
Flathearhers of reddit, how do you feel about the non government/NASA pictures brought by Musk's Falcon Heavy launch?|I am a proud Flathearher. I know that the earh is Flath, and I will not rest until the world agrees.
What Sub-Reddit did you unsubscribe from? Why?|The shit reddit subscribes you to by default.
What's your favourite meme ever?|The fish one
What second languages do you most want to learn?|C++
Who was your celebrity crush when you were a kid?|Sharon Stone
What helps you fall asleep?|Complete and utter physical and emotional exhaustion
What small thing do you do to make your house a home?|running, jumping and dancing around like I'm crazy
What’s your best idea for a film?|Guy with no memory is sent back through time to prevent Trump from being born
"What movie is this line from ""hi.""?"|Lilo and stitch
Men of Reddit, do you still flirt with women while being in a relationship and why?|no matter what, I always still want to impress people, and make myself proud. Just because I'm trying to represent myself well around everyone, doesn't mean that I'm flirting with them, but when it comes to being around young women in particular, the way to seem as impressive as I can be around them, is something that is somewhat similar to flirting. It's not exactly the same, but there's some similarity, where I am trying to make myself look like a desirable partner, even if I don't plan to build on that.
Men of Reddit, do you like attention from women while being in a relationship and why?|Of course. Everyone does. Just because you are committed to a relationship doesn't mean you don't like to feel that you're still attractive.
Redditors at work ATM! Why aren't you working?|Codes compiling ;)
Whats the weirdest/stupidest comment that got a reddit gold?|How does one earn Reddit gold? Seriously tho O_o
Dog experts of Reddit how do you keep 2 puppies from fighting over food?|2 bowls
Smokers who throw their cigarette butts on the ground despite being beside an ashtray / trashcan, why?|Throwing a dogend in to a general waste bin is a pretty bad idea
Dear all, what mask did you have to put on today, to get through the day?|My gas mask
What is the worst title for a punk rock songs?|Here let me give you a hand
What's one dream you never thought you would achieve but then did?|Living in another country.
Dudes that send unsolicited dick pics, why do you do it?|I don't, its gross, putting my head into the douche bag world of guys that do ide say its just because they are cocky assholes
What was your biggest rational and irrational fears as a child and what caused them?|Medium heights, because if I fell I wouldn't die on impact but be in extreme pain and probably maimed for the rest of my life
How were an act you did greatly misunderstood as something done for good or bad reasons when your motives were actually the exact opposite?|I'm done with Reddit for the night r/titlegore Jk I can't ever leave you
what makes you blow a superload each and every time?|Seeing your username pop up
What are subreddits where you could find people to talk to and a travel buddy?|Might find better answers in r/findareddit
Is there a sub where noobs/rando’s can suggest sub ideas to people of means/mods?|but anyone can make a sub, thats kinda the point.
What risks are worth taking?|Love.
When did puberty hit you?|When I had my back turned
Who else is in a long distance relationship and how has it been for you ?|Scum
Which gadget you prefer for your child safety?|condom or the pill
Beautiful people of Reddit, what character building activities do you do?|Fapping
What fictional death was really hard for you to accept?|Jesus
Your invincible, but still feel pain like normal people. Your being held in a cell and any fictional character from any medium can come in and for 30 minutes do whatever they want to you, who's the last person you want coming through the door?|Any and all guys, unless they want to teach me cool new tricks/ tell me I'm a wizard
Bosses of Reddit, what are some shitty things you had to do/say to streamline your subordinates?|"""It's all about the correct allocation of attributes"""
What's in a day?|a d an a  and a y
Retail workers, what’s the most absurd item a customer has tried to return?|Xmas Trees and big screen TVs day after Super Bowl
What are some of the weirdest youtube or reddit “rabbitholes” you have fallen into?|Pre-Flood World
Which romantic movie cliche actually happened to you?|I once actually did have mail.
To what extent can the portrayal of the Jedi Order be considered a Religion?|The Force is real in their universe, so in a way it's more of a discipline than a religion, because key aspects of it are not a matter of faith, but a matter of controlling ones own mind and reaching the control into the surroundings.
What does it mean to be smart?|no idia
What religion do you follow?|Athiesm
"Gamblers, whats your ""OMG"" Experience?"|Won 5k on a scratcher once. That was pretty dope.
A genie grants you one wish, but it has to be something that will make the world a better place. What do you wish for?|Control over reality.
What action when done at 3 PM is more suspicions than done at 3 AM?|Sneaking around your own house with all the curtains drawn and the lights out so as to not disturb others. Edit: changed a word
What makes a person sexy to you?|If they are a female and are not fat.
Women of reddit. How did you react when ur male partner was small downstairs?|Avoided him and didn't answer his calls or reply to him
Other than sugar and creamer, What are your favorite things to add to your coffee?|Been known to Irish it up a bit...
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made?|"best- set of knives 
worst- gym membership"
What is your lesser known conspiracy?|Favoritism between teacher and some students exist in schools
With all of the negative publicity they receive, what are some of your positive experiences with timeshares?|>>Made a killing selling timeshares to gullible folks. Declared bankruptcy in the housing crash and made off like Madoff Basically the only people who had a positive experience with timeshares were the speculators who peddled them
What is your most ridiculous story about selling stuff via Craigslist or other online sites?|Not ridiculous but I got given a 65 inch top of the range TV.  It would only work for 20 minutes then it would cut out and not work for about a day later so I sold it to a pawn shop.  They tested it out and paid me decent money for it as it was modern and in good physical condition
With all the division that has been created and exploited by those in charge, where do your see American Democracy in five years?|"""Democracy"""
What is your world/reality-ending dream/nightmare?|I had a dream that the water turned black, earthquakes happening, sky blotted out with smoke making it appear to be night, it was all pretty confusing. Like someone was changing the channels to different disaster films one after the other. I wasn't really doing anything in this dream but just seeing this stuff happening. Usually dream crazy stuff when I go too long without sleep.
why did you broke up with your S.O?|Didn't deserve me
If you traveled back in time 500 years, how can you change people’s lives with what you know today?|I wouldn't know or be able to do rat's ass in comparison to what those people knew about their own daily life, daily surrondings, their way to make a living, their way of anything. They'd dismiss me as a useless whacko and hang me.
What are some important tips for any job interview?|Pretend like you know what you're talking about
What's the worst thing you ever tasted?|Ass
People who had to fire others at work, what was the experience like? How did you feel the experience affected you?|I did what I had to do. He earned it. Easily.
Why would NASA or any government bother to cover up UFOs or the existence of any aliens in the event that they were discovered?|To prevent mass chaos and panic
What's a piece of relationship advice you would give to your younger self if you could?|Never change yourself to appeal to somebody else. If they can’t accept you for who you are, it isn’t going to work in the long run.
If you had to use a condiment as lube, what would you choose and why?|Bacon grease
"People that work with an incompetent boss, what was your ""wtf is he thinking"" moment?"|moments
What's the best video game Mod?|Horse armor.
What is a mild inconvenience that really angers you?|Getting my earphones accidentally ripped out of my ears
What are the essential relationship milestones you have to pass before marrying someone?|First big fight and first big road trip. Not necessarily separately.
If you could become good friends with one celebrity, who would it be?|Tom Hanks, the guy is fucking awesome and nobody has a bad view of him.
Dog owners of Reddit, how has your dog impacted your life?|Positively
Where can you get in contact with hardcore hackers?|MIT
Pornstars of Reddit, when was the most difficult moment of your career and how did you overcame it?|Overcame lol :'-)
"Redditors around the world, what's your favourite ""statutory holiday"" about, and why is it your favourite?"|“All of them” -Jared Fogle
What is your favourite riddle?|Matt
What’s the worst time you forgot something really important?|I’ll kick things off with the time I forgot about an interview for a job I really wanted. I was just at home chilling on the toilet, minding my own businesses when my phone rang. The immediate realisation of what I had done was horrifying. Not being able to answer the phone was worse.
What are some of the music artists which are underrated and deserves some real audience?|Fleece Music are pretty dope
police officers of Redit, what is the stupidist lie a suspect has used to get out of trouble?|It's not stupid if it gets you out of trouble :)
What's a thing you do that nobody would understand?|I have a whole fantasy world I escape to from time to time
If an American (USA) called cowboy, Russian called comrade, New Zealander called Kiwis, what do we call people of all the other countries?|Canadian poutines?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen while driving?|A llama chained up outside a gas station
Do you think exploring morality in video games has more of a effect real life on individuals than in watching movies? Why or why not?|real life effect*
What's your IT Profession?|IT
If humans achieve time travel, how would effect tenses in language?|We would need to adapt, we would probably in the future have words for future past, past future, future future, and past past along with just the past and future.
What is your favorite old-timey word or phrase that you want to bring back?|18 dickety
What is the thing you did that made you wonder if you are a danger for others?|Chlorine and brake fluid in a Coke bottle when we were at school. Damn near took our hands off.
Musicians of reddit, how did your band break up?|Couldn't find a drummer that wasn't encumbered in some way.
What words sound better in english then your native language?|"The girls name ""Deborah"". The Irish for Deborah is ""Gobnait"" (pronounced GUB-nit).  Sounds so much better in English!!"
What's something a person could not know about or have heard of that would make you feel like they live under a rock?|It's a tide ad
People of Reddit, how to convince someone to use this site? How do you explain Reddit to him/her?|“Lol have you seen this” usually it goes from there, they get sucked into the vortex of neverending information on reddit
Whats the saddest sad song you can use to fuel your sadness?|Placebo's version of 'Running up that hill' has always done it for me.  Also London Grammar- 'Truth is a beautiful thing'
You're in charge of creating heaven, hell and a medium place, what happens in each of them?|In the medium place there will only be frozen yogurt for dessert
Which kind of deepest lyrics have you want to listen?|Not too much, I just want to chill
What is something interesting to say when introduced to a potential partner?|Hey apparently I'm a potential partner! Isn't this exciting?!
what was the worst thing you saw on rule 34? (NSFW)|Literally nothing
What is your weird kink?|Hairy chests. I wouldn't necessarily call it weird but an overwhelming majority aren't in to it for some reason? Meh.
What’s the most amount of work you’ve done in the least amount of time?|I did a 5 page lab report in about an hour and a half on the train
What’s the laziest thing you’ve ever done?|Download a movie because I was too lazy to get up take 5 steps and grab the Blu-ray off the shelf.
"People of Reddit, what is your all-time favourite ""Parks and Recs"" Quote?"|Anything ron swanson.   Can't honestly say because I'm only half way through the series right now.
People of Reddit, what's the most impressive thing that you've done?|I won a Fortnite game earlier
What are some of the creepiest videos on Youtube?|https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
What is your fondest childhood memory?|Wasn’t necessarily a child but still pretty young. Midnight showing of Star Wars and watching Yoda hobble out to fight Dooku. The whole theater went nuts.
What's the word for the kind of laughter caused by something funny you randomly think about?|"In dutch we call it ""binnenpretje"" which literally means ""inside laughter"".
Sometimes I'm at work, minding my own business and suddenly, I randomly remember something funny that happened a while ago, which makes me giggle and makes my colleagues look at me weirdly."
In your opinion what would make the world a better place?|am infinite energy source so nobody would have to work anymore
"What's the best ""Fuck You"" song you know?"|Gnarls Barkley and Lily Allen
What is the worst physical pain that you have or know someone that has experienced?|Kidney stones.  Not recommended.
What past Internet trend should come back?|goatse
What is the drinking culture like in your country?|In Ontario Canada, they tax the hell out of alcohol, so alcohol is on the more highbrow side, at least compared to America. I'm not saying that we treat everything like a winery, but compared to America, there's a lot less of that vibe you get when you're chugging bud light's in a trailer park
Your house is burning and you can only save one thing, what would you save?|The house
When did you almost die?|A couple of years ago, almost got ran over by a van that was running a red light.
Gamer's of Reddit, what in-game achievement do you have that you are sure almost no one else has?|Quite proud of the fact that I got two tough achievements on Alien: Isolation on my first playthrough. Got the one for finishing the game on hard and I got the achievement for completing the game without killing any humans. They were much better as bait for the Alien even if they were hostile to me.
What is something that annoys you about your significant other that you’d never tell them?|Their non-existence
Do you think water is wet? Yes or no? And why?|Water is wet because it is saturated with water because that is what it consists of making it fit the definition of wet
Real estate agents of Reddit, what's something you don't want customers to know when buying a home?|Not a real estate agent, but wanted to say you can get a conventional loan without PMI for less then 20% down..  My loan agent offered me a higher interest rate for no PMI and 5% down, also I had excellent credit.   Just wanted to through that out there..
What trend would you like to see make a comeback?|Common curtesy.
What names and titles didn't age well?|Jar Jar Binks
You're a burglar and break into someone's house, then have a sudden change of heart and decide to help them out instead. What would you do?|Leave
Who is the worst teacher you ever had and what did they do to deserve that title?|"In grade nine I had a teacher call the class out on not knowing or having hard lives. 
A classmate got upset, and mentioned that I have a drug addicted parent and because of this don’t show up much, etc.  I didn’t talk much about these problems and made sure not many people knew, she apologized heavily for her comment about not knowing a hard life, and left the classroom for quite some time.  I wasn’t happy about everyone hearing this, but I do hope this teacher became more open minded and patient with future students."
What is a non-sexual activity that makes you feel the closest to your partner and why?|Cuddling but I'm single ;P
Besides sex, what's one of the best feelings?|Wake and bakes
How often do you encounter people you know personally while browsing porn?|Far too little my friend. Far too little. But my mom sometimes comes in.
Where is the best place you have traveled to?|I have not been to Europe, Africa, or the Middle East. But of the 45 countries that I've traveled, I love Bali the most.  Bali isn't a simple place to understand right away since there isn't a single landmark you need to see. No Eiffel tower or Great Wall. The best way to understand Bali is perhaps where the perfect culture met the perfect island.
What story was widely reported and ridiculously one side and egregiously wrong?|All of them?
People who wanted to date people who were already in a relationship: What are your stories?|I dated her and her boyfriend never found out, had sex with her a lot. I broke up with her after a few months and they are both married now
Police officers of Reddit, what's the best excuse you've heard for someone breaking the law?|Not a police officer but I got caught jaywalking across a very busy road, I was squirming like crazy because I had to piss and an open McDonalds was across the street. Apparently that was a good enough excuse for him to laugh at me and let me off the hook.
From a US taxpayer perspective, what are your thoughts having a military parade in DC?|Meh. It's not the dumbest thing we've wasted time/money on
what are some of the biggest differences between american and european cultures?|Individualism vs collectivism
What, in your opinion, is the greatest piece of art ever created?|"I'm currently working on a documentary with some friends that tackles this question. Our definition of art is anything that is created. With that, even sport or the Declaration of Independence can be an art. 
There are almost no wrong answers and I look forward to hearing everyone's responses."
What's the type of person that you attract?|Apparently, salesmen.
What are the most interesting movie facts?|In Django Unchained, there's a scene where Leo DiCaprio smashes a glass in a fit of rage, causing his hand to bleed. This was an accident, but Tarantino kept it in the movie.
Where is the human de-activation point?|The heart. Stop the heart, stop the person.
What goes through your head the night you lose your virginity with some one you just met?|"""Sweet"""
What piece of technology does more harm than good?|Nuclear Weaponry
What is your favorite euphemism for farting?|"I like, ""it's just old toothless talking shit."""
Dog owners of Reddit, what routine do you share and both enjoy?|Taking my dog on a walk. He loves greeting other people and dogs. Even better if it's snowing before the sun rises.
Your top comment is now the plot of a new movie, how good is your movie?|What about usernames?
Flat-earthers of Reddit: What do you think of earth's shape after seeing the live feed from Elon's roadster?|Its flat but a little bent
What are your favourite pizza toppings that has a good combination for flavour?|Pepperoni and pineapple.
What are some unheard and unseen romantic moves?|Code 46 Brief Encounter  I Know Where I’ Going Ali: Fear Eats the Soul
How do you make love to a Platonic solid?|You don't, it's strictly platonic.
What are some simple ways you can help improve your life?|Get plenty of sleep. not that I listen to my own advice..
Eavesdroppers of Reddit, what you got for me?|My aunt aborted her 3rd child. Also, my aunt was going to have a 3rd child.
How would you pull off the perfect bank heist?|Become a bank employee! That way the bank pays you!
You've been chosen to be cryogenically frozen for 1000 years, and due to funding cutbacks, you're only allowed to take one thing with you; what do you choose to bring and why?|Ariana Grande
What are the best arguments to silence a flat earther?|There aren't any. The people who truly believe it won't listen to reason.
What is the most ridiculous or insane thing your parents accused you of?|Mom didn't accuse me of many crazy things, in general.  She did accuse me of smoking weed when I was 16ish. Granted, I had smoked cigarettes in secret that day, but I was still outraged. Outraged, I tell you! :D
What is the 'first rule' of your profession?|If you ain't first, you're last
Reddit, what song would you send into space?|Starman. Thread closed.
What is the quality of the sofas and chairs on Wayfair?|So good
When did you not get in trouble when you totally should have?|When I broke my mom's windshield. She had a TJ Jeep and I was pissed that she didn't leave me at my friend's house down the road and made me come watch her play softball, so I stayed in the car and went to stretch out and put more pressure than I thought on the windshield and it cracked. Spiderweb cracks all over the windshield. I sat there for a good 20 minutes growing the balls I needed to tell her I cracked her windshield. She called my dad to come and get me and he bought me a chocolate bar, she said I would be grounded for a month but it lasted a day.
Which Ads (Online, Television or otherwise) actually worked on you and why?|Every ad with a clean shirt is now a tide ad
What would you do if you were told by an anon that a 2 miles wide asteroid it's heading this way, will hit some time in early to mid June 2018?|Convince Elon we gotta go to Mars sooner than we predicted
What's the Frequency, Kenneth?|Uncomfortable
What stuff that is commonly eaten or otherwise marketed as healthy, is surprisingly unhealthy?|"""Fat-Free"" items, they are just pumped with sugar"
What problem or situation did TV / movies make you think would be common, but when you grew up you found out it wasn’t?|I grew up thinking quicksand would be a bigger problem...
What dirty secret about a company could you just make up right now that sounds good?|"SpaceX has started delivering cars through space to avoid sales taxes. ""No sir, we did not export those cars. We launched them into space, and they just happened to land in France."""
"Hard-working students of reddit, what's your ""Fuck I need to work hard"" moment?"|If I fail this class I’ll have to switch degrees
How can parents leverage a smartphone to teach a 6 year old kid new skills and concepts?|By not getting them a smart phone way to young try books.
What do you find to be equally as satisfying as some people find cracking their knuckles?|Playing with my beard hair
People that have lived/ travelled to Japan. What is something that they should know before travelling there?|Weed is highly illegal
What’s the most beautiful sound you’ve ever heard?|the sound ATM does before giving out money
What is one thing that would’ve been a deal breaker If you knew earlier about your current partner?|She's a lying whore
What if there was a show/movie showing the racism towards white people?|there's plenty any historical show displays tons of racism from white people to other white people any WW2 based show for example
What's the greatest sensation in the world?|the physical act of love, or a huge dump
What does your SO have/do that makes them subtly sexy to you?|No rhyme or reason to it, but sometimes I just think seeing my husband wearing his wedding band is quite sexy. That's probably the most subtly sexy thing I can think of :) (beyond physical features like his eyes).
Which overused phrase from the past should be brought back and made cool again and why?|"I always liked ""Fuckin' A""  
Like, you'll say fuck, but not ass??"
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?|Inigo Montoya. Because you killed my father. Prepare to die.
What would be the worst possible place to play your favorite song?|Columbine Highschool.       Marilyn Manson - Sweet Dreams (Smells Like Children) (MIDI)
MySpace was replaced by Facebook and now SnapChat is taking over that, Whats going to replace the World Wide Web?|Social media is *part* of the WWW. Nothing is going to replace it. It's just going to persist and evolve and change with the times, but nothing will replace the network, at least not for a very long time. Also I don't agree that Snapchat is overtaking Facebook. I don't do social media, but observing my wife I think the traffic is moving more to Instagram.
What’s a product/life hack that is mediocre at what it’s meant to do, but great at something entirely different?|Mobile phones, I don’t know why we call them phones now, there should be a new name.
what was the time you got mooned by someone?|Driving home for work, dreading dealing with the wife. Got 2 cute butts aimed at me at an intersection that made my week.
What do to if even memes wont make you happy?|Ask yourself what truly makes you happy.
What are some of the best dystopian short stories published around the world?|I'm looking specifically for dystopian short stories in translation-- ones that were originally published in a language other than English, and later translated.  Bonus points for links to lists of these, and/or analyses!
What was your number 1 computer game as a child?|Ocarina of Time on the 64 without a doubt.
You are god for long enough to change just one thing about the world. What do you change?|The change I would want to make would probably change when I became God because I would know so much I didn’t know before.
What's your fondest childhood memory?|Kind of weird but I remember when the first skylanders came out it was the coolest thing ever, and one day I was at the shopping centre on a hot summers day and I convinced my Gran to fork over the $100 (Aud) for the starter pack thing. I was so excited when I got home and unboxed it. I remember the smell of our air conditioner and even today at my dads house whenever I catch a whiff of it I am hit with a wave of nostalgia. I now realise the scummy business practices of skylanders but that doesn’t affect how much nostalgia I have for the first one :)
What event will trigger the change from the common era (anno domini) to the next era and reset the date back to 0?|I honestly don't know now. I always assumed we'd have switched to WP and BE, as in the era up to and including the time the Fresh Prince lived in West Philadelphia and the time since he moved with his aunty and his uncle in Bel Air... But here we are still using BC and AD like it's the fucking middle ages.
What’s something you found out about a friend or family member that was super shocking?|Found out they did some minor sex work to make some extra money. Didn't think they'd be capable of that but I guess it isn't really a big deal looking back on it now.
Is there is a difference in how people from different countries or cultures view humour?|"Yup.  Australia and Ireland, and small parts of the UK are the only place where calling someone a ""cunt"" is a term of affection."
Whats the big deal about the spacex rocket launch?|https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/7vse1z/what_is_the_significance_of_the_falcon_heavy_test/
Redditors, what's something that you look forward to in your day?|Going back to sleep
Recruiters, what's the best advice you can give for a job seeker?|Be smart not harworker
Redditors who missed their flight, what's your story?|First plane was delayed longer than my (3 hour) layover, ended up getting a free night at a hotel and some vouchers.
What are some of the best creepypastas, or scary stories you have read on the internet?|r/nosleep
People of Reddit, what is your morning ritual like?|After sacrificing a goat a bathe in it's blood and wrap myself in its entrails.
What's your favorite TV show/Movie quote ever?|I'll be back
What’s worse then watching paint dry?|Watching grass grow
What mistakes do you think everyone needs to make at least once?|Dating someone just for their looks
At what point do you consider someone a friend?|Once I can crack out the risky jokes with them
Older redditors, what advice would you give to your 21 year old self that would have greatly improved your life?|Learn how to deal with the pain of being alive, without drinking, drugging, sexing, eating, or starving it away.
What's the best 'Tesla in space' joke you know of ?|There's a fucking car in space, this all seems like a joke already.
What's the worst song you've heard of?|Friday
Introverts of reddit, how often do you discard comments before posting them and why?|Karma = self esteem
Who's the only one who can get away with something you normally hate with a passion?|My little sister.
What’s so crazy about actual “bat shit” that warrants the use of the saying someone is bat shit crazy?|I'm guano throw up with all this bat shit talk
What is your most cringeworthy memory you have from your younger years?|I mean to other people every single day of my life, I was told by others I would look back in regret of how stupid I was but every time I look back I cherish how fun my childhood was.
What side of the bed do you usually sleep on (ex: closest to the window, door ect.) and what particular reason do you sleep on that side?|I sleep on the right side of my mattress. When I moved my mattress into my new apartment, there wasn't a reason to have it on the right side, but it's the side that I slept on when I still had that mattress in my parents place, so that's where I've formed a crater in the shape of my body.
What would you have sent on the Falcon Heavy?|Chlamydia. Make it spaces problem too.
What makes you glad you don't live in an era of the past ?|Plumbing, electricity, internet, vaccines, oh and toilet paper. Fucking toilet paper for sure.
What was a song you hated the first time listening to but now you love it?|Keys to the Kingdom by Linkin Park. Not only did i not enjoy it, but i was so off put by it, that i put off giving the rest of the album a chance for months (it was the opening track)
Your life depends on it. You're given $100,000 and have to turn it into $1,000,000. What do you do?|Buy $100,000 worth of hookers and blow then kill myself
What two shows would have the best crossover episode?|Debbie Does Dallas ... and Dallas.
What childish thing do you still enjoy?|Nintendo games
When does practice NOT make perfect?|Suicide attempts
People who use Incognito mode to not look at porn what do you do?|Book flights!  They track your cookies and change prices.
People who play sports; what, if any, routine do you have to always perform before a match/game/performance?|I'm an assistant coach for my friend's basketball team, because i want to build up some experience and coach my own team at some point in the future. the kids always have their warmup layups as usual, but they have to take the ball, and they have 8 seconds to get a 2 on one layup against me. They can easily cross that distance in 8 seconds, but then it's just a matter of thinking quick enough to use their teammates help in the short amount of time. It has to be 8 seconds because this forces them to be urgent, which regular layup warmups don't allow for as much.
What's the best sound you've ever heard?|My child crackle
What actually happened to you but no one believes?|Enlightenment, but some do believe
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?|Do aliens exist Even though I feel like I know the answer, I wanna know for sure
Chess players of reddit, how do you handle walking on square tiles?|I never really connected the two. it's more like when I see checkered patterns I start to think of chess positons.  I've also seen weird chess puzzles where someone arbitrarily made the board smaller. then I wonder how chess would be if there were another rank and file, or maybe two. you'd have to account majorly for outlanking and you'd probably need to invent more pieces probably like in yassers s chess variant.  Now that I think of it this is already kind of done in 4 player chess which is pretty fun.
People who like the Fast and Furious franchise, why?|Good popcorn films.
What’s the most seemingly disgusting food you’ve ever had that actually tasted good?|boogers
What are some of the worst book to film adaptions you've ever seen?|I Am Legend
You go back to the past to bang one famous person, who do you bang?|Emma Watson
What’s the best sound you’ve ever heard?|A fart echoing in an open mouth
What are some instances where the polar opposite of a bad thing is still bad?|Far right and far left politics
What's your favourite short joke that works on demand?|Pull my finger and I will show you
What's something that you love, but everyone else seems to hate/dislike?|I liked Suicide Squad
What's your Mein Kampf?|I hate Nazis
What is the funniest/most memorable quote you remember hearing from a teacher or coach?|“Let me and my tater tots be” - Math teacher this year, when students surrounded him during lunch for test help
What do you reckon?|Nothing but the rain.
Given Japan's negative view of weed how do Japanese people feel about it gradually becoming legal?|Hawww we no rikey.
What is the worst case of workplace politics you’ve ever been involved in?|Threatening employees to vote yes or get fired. I voted no still
If you could go to the past and change something but you only got 10 seconds to do it .. what would it be ?|Probably just tell myself to not do something like wireless controllers, the bane of my younger years.
What does Russia think of Elon Musk's Space Accomplishment?|Ask Trump on twitter
You’re offered $10,000/mo cash for life, in exchange for having your complete identity wiped from every record on earth. What would be your decision?|People don't know who I am either?
Flatearthers of Reddit! What's your response to the background of Elon musk's floating tesla?|I’m guessing they will just say it didn’t happen.
Why don't you type something out, but instead of using the correct letters, use the next letter on the keyboard, for eg, d for s, z for l; what coded message can you write that we'll try to decipher?|Fovld piy gpt Jstsnnr
What is a song, movie, show, video, etc that can instantly change your mood?|Schindler's List
Reddit, what will you never do?|Heroin.
If you were a leader of a country with a nuclear arsenal, would you ever use it, why or why not?|Yeah sure why not
Which is the best phone?|Depends what you’re looking for.
Whats the real life equivalent of lag?|A hangover
People who had Valentines last year, how did it go and what are they doing now?|New girlfriend
What's your proudest fap?|"In front of a girl and I jizzed on her cloths.
Back story I was quite young and just found out how to do it and wanted to share that with her ! 
We're still friends and still have a laugh about it some times. Proudest moment ever"
For car enthusiasts, why do factory cars like the mustang make so much less hp than tuners get out of them?|Fuel economy/emissions etc. If they sold you a car tuned to the limits how long do you think they'd last? They sell you a car with performance that will allow the engine and other components like a clutch to last for a long time.  And to allow market segregation - i.e by selling a slightly more powerful model in the near future etc
Restaurant/Fast food workers, what was that one order that you dreaded?|"Well, food waiters gave people food.
Drink waiters give people drinks.
I was promoted to head waiter...."
What is the very first thing that you learned when you first started working in your field that you did not learn at school/university/etc.?|If check voltage while in amp mode on a fluke then it could end really really bad.
What’s your secret to getting rid of hiccups?|I hold my breath for 30 seconds.
What thing that's not yet calculated, if quantified, do you believe could largely increase your understanding of it?|Indefinite radium concentrate leakage
What’s your payday loan horror story?|Every payday is a horror story
What was your worst flirting attempt that actually worked ?|Worked? As in: achieved the purpose? Flirting is pleasure in itself.
"People who say ""quarter past __"" or ""quarter till __"" instead of saying the actual time, how did you become so fancy?"|TIL - Basic English sounds 'fancy' to Americans.
What’s the shadiest thing you’ve read/seen on 4chan?|Any chemistry recipe. Chances are you'll be making mustard gas.
You are hungry for not eating for a whole week, what's the first thing you'll eat?|Ideally, chicken and rice. Something easy on the stomach. In reality, whatever I can get my hands on first
What is your proudest NSFW story?|Worked all day without safety glasses on
What did you learn about your SO’s family that made you nope out?|They thought I did too much for her
What would you like to sell?|My body
What should you know about your partner before you get married?|Everything
To experienced people of reddits, which life is harder having bf/gf vs wife/husband?|bf/gf because you go through a lot of those before you find the one you actually want to marry
People of Reddit, What is something interesting medically about you?|I can push my shoulder blades out to look like wings
Fortnite or PUGB? And why?|Fortnite: It runs well, I can see whats going on, building is very fun, and it's free.
What did you dream about last night?|It was a recurring dream when I’m being attacked and when I try to use my gun, the bullets just fall out of the end of the gun instead of shooting properly. I hate that dream
Ladies, what is the most obvious hint you have dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?|"""Oh I just remembered I left my oven on fire, I really should go deal with it!"" Dude then tried to ask what I was cooking, crack bad jokes about cooking him a meal etc as I was trying to walk away. Alternatively:
""Yeah my bed is just one of those cheap warehouse ones, some people say the springs are obvious if you bounce around, but I've never noticed, do you want to come give me your opinion"""
What simple thing/s can get you so worked up and mad?|Seeing a 8 week pup out in public, especially the dog park
What’s the worst movie coming out this year?|This: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6591616/reference
Why can’t the government just print more money when they are running low or need extra money to fund a project?|That devalues the existing currency
What's your favorite free PC game?|"League of Legends is probably my favourite ""free"" to play game. Not saying that I haven't spent money on it but you don't have to to actually play."
How do you stop procrastinating?|*finger guns* I don’t
Redditors, what's something you learned the hard way?|Don't joke with your high school girlfriend about threesomes with her best friend.
"What's your ""Play stupid games win stupid prizes"" story?"|"I was drunkenly talking shit to this guy and he was being pretty cool but had enough. ""If you say one more thing, I'm going to punch you in the face"" ""Thing, bitch"" Then he punched me in the face. Ran into him a couple weeks later and apologized and told him he had a 'hell of a hook'"
How many hobbies have you went through before you found the right one ?|"Still at it.  I so that's to choose A hobby.  I switch from one to the other through out my life.  Here are my hobbies: 
Photography
Motorcycles 
Drawing
Programming 
Gaming (PC) 
Hiking I used to pressure myself and think that I had to be really good at one of the hobbies, but then I said, fuck it.  As long as I enjoy I continue doing it and I don't pressure myself into mastering any of them.  It's just there to make me happy."
Trans people of reddit, how was sex for the first time after you changed your gender?|What’s it matter, they’re gonna say amazing either way.
Who was the worst guest in your house and what did they do?|My (now former, for unrelated reasons) best friend. He'd raid my refrigerator, start cooking himself stuff, constantly drop by unannounced and just hang out at my place. Otherwise really great dude, but had serious boundary issues. I'd talk to him about it and then a few months would go by and he'd be doing the same shit over again.
What type of leader of a nation demands a military parade?|A dictator who needs to wave his dick around.
If Celebrity Deathmatch were to be brought back, who would you want to see matched up against each other?|Swift and Trump
Why do redditors dont use any type of emojis...?|because the majority of us are over the age of 14
How do you flirt with girls on snap chat?|dick pics all day
Reddit, what made you walk out on your ex?|She was mental
How difficult is it to get admission into a normal American University for international students if money is not an issue?|I'm sure California would take you in a heart beat.
How much would you sell your eyeballs for?|I wouldnt. Not until there are reliable artificial ones that can perform to a decent degree. I don't think anyone would want mine anyway, my eyesight is godawful.
What are some crappy things in relationships that no one talks about?|When they are still in the honeymoon phase and you're not. They're still gungho on spending all their time with you and you're wanting to do you-stuff more often.
What conspiracy theory do you not necessarily subscribe to but, would not be surprised if it turned out to be true?|9/11 being an inside job. I don't believe it at all but yeah, I wouldn't be surprised.
What would your last words be if you were on death row, about to be executed?|My ancestors are smiling at me, Imperials. Can you say the same.
What's Something nice that could be explained to make it sound like something shady ?|Male babysitter
What is a good comedy movie that does not look like a comedy movie at first, but gets better as you watch?|Driven. Perfect party movie.
What are some underrated albums by well known artists/bands?|Live - throwing copper
What is your favourite joke of all time?|"My life. 
Hahahaha. Hah. Ha..."
What are the best things we can do this Valentine with beloved?|Go fishing
What character in fiction do you associate with yourself the most?|Kif from Futurama
How do you guys cope with a broken heart?|Time.
What inventions are way newer than you'd think?|CPR. 1956
What was the most insanely realistic vivid dream you've had?|I had a nightmare about a soldier raping a beaver 😭
Timetravelers from the future where do you come from and what was the closest case of being exposed?|Nice try time cop!
What's the most disgusting and terrifying thing you've seen in your school?|When I was a kid my dad started a fire in the school library then shot my teacher in the leg and then my teacher killed my dad, who was a bad man.
What's an app you would recommend to anyone?|spotify
Why is it OK in the USA to eat Pigs, Cattle. Poultry. fish, but not dogs and cats, except in Chinese resteraunts?|Fish is the best
How can some people guess you're unconfident yourself simply because of/from your looks?|It's the body language. Some people understand it.
What’s the worst experience you’ve ever had to go through?|"Life
and 2 Girls, 1 Cup"
If you could learn something that would normally be impossible for you to know, what would you choose?|What is the meaning of life
What color is your laptop?|invisible colour
What is your age Now?|All matter and energy in the Universe is the same age
Everyone's stolen something, what have you stolen?|Your sister's heart
what was the time you got caught skinny dipping?|Haha I do it all the time and don’t really care when I’m ‘caught’ as I’m not keeping it a secret. I have a pool at home and have always stripped off after a few beers with friends or partners etc there. Never really been a big deal. Have been skinny dipping in the ocean a few times as well but it’s always at night. 😁
Teachers of reddit, how do you deal with the annoying disruptive kids and how well does it work?|Leaving a comment to come back to this post. Teaching trainee needs the help :)
What was your most disappointing purchase of all time?|Sex with Uma Thurman.
If your life were a book what would the name of the last chapter (yet) be?|The reddit era.
What’s the best way to get over unrequited love?|Thank your good fortune. She wasn't worth it.
What is it called when you see/hear/think of something and then it coincidentally starts showing up during your day/week?|God's will
Reddit, what's the most badass thing you've ever done?|You know those times where no one's watching and you go on a 40 kill streak then someone walks into the room and you get shot in the head and die instantly and watch as your dead body roll on the ground? yeah...
What are some good things that surprised you about a company you worked for that not many people would know about?|We have a doctors office and a gym onsite. Quarterly bonuses. After 30 days, health insurance kicked in and I had a weeks vacation.
What do you take for granted that other people can't do or don't have?|Clean tap water. And much more.
How do you deal with the feeling of loneliness during times of hard work?|Music/Podcast
What’s the best sound you’ve ever heard?|The most amazing was definately after doing dmt. This vibratory buzz that was literally shaking my whole perveived reality into the dmt land.
Whats the most embarrassing fart story happened to you or you know?|I was in the theater to see Ted and it was one of those nuclear bombs from Hell. I knew it was coming because of the sharp abdomen pain, but I didn't make it to the exit in time. Nobody really noticed though.
Why are so many (American) Chinese restaraunts named “No. 1 Chinese”?|Because CHINA NUMBAH WAN!
Power plant and utility workers of Reddit, what strange, unexplained or downright weird things have you seen on the job?|I worked for the phone company in Arizona.  I got dispatched to Tombstone to install a phone line at one of the stores on Allen Street (Its the main street). Anyway, I was in the alley between the two buildings and was working in the terminal trying to find my pair (phone line).  I felt a tugging on my tool belt and thought it had snagged on a bush or something else. It happened again except it was a stronger pull, I spun around and there was nothing there. I quickly finished up and got out of there. I called the customer from somewhere else an told her it was working.
What are you currently interested in?|You, OP.
Cinefiles of reddit. What movie faux paus really get your goat?|The one that grinds my gears is chloroform...it doesnt disable immediately. It takes 5-7 minutes of huffing.
If you could go back to see one minor event that happened to you what would it be?|my conception *grabs popcorn*
"NSFW Reddit, what's your ""cum shoebox"" fap story?"|What.
To the workers and students of reddit, how and where do you fart discretely while at work/school/college?|Into your pants. Let's keep the blow holes covered, okay?
When have you been your most happiest?|In a relationship *sigh*
Teachers, who was the most interesting student you've ever taught and why?|I taught Chunk the truffle shuffle!
How is it possible to transmit live video from space?|Same way people watch satellite TV
What was the weirdest party you were ever invited to?|All I can say is that it ended with having the host's shoes full of turds
People who don't like baggers at the grocery store to bag your groceries and help you out to the car, why? What's your side of the story?|Cause it’s not 1952 anymore
Back in 1999, if someone asked you what you think the year 2020 would look like, what your answer be?|I'll give you my answer in 2 years
What is your greatest fear?|The fear of not having enough money...
What was you first job like and how long did you stick around?|My first job was to help my Mom and I quit the very next day I was appointed.
What has everyone forgotten?|I can't remember.
What “easy” thing is hard to do if you think about it?|Responsible money management.
Bullshitters of Reddit, what is the most outrageous lie that you got someone to believe?|A tire pressure gauge is actually an anal probe
What is the worst thing you've seen on Reddit that had tons of upvotes?|r/shoplifting
What are you stressed about right now?|Knowing a secret that not only did I not want to know, but now I feel guilty for knowing and not telling another person who should probably know about it. But knowing if I tell said person, I'll destroy their life. And knowing that if they find out on their own, I'm gonna have to fess up to already knowing and I'm gonna feel horrible for not telling them.
Everyone on Earth suddenly becomes immortal. What happens next? How does this effect every day life?|"Until which age do we need to work?
Are we still ageing?
Is there enough food?
Do we still get sick?
Can we not die? Or do we simply not age? Premises!"
You have 3 offers: $500 to swim with the worlds nicest dolphin; $5,000 to swim in a vat of 5,000 leeches; $50,000 to swim in a large pool filled with 50,000 non-venomous snakes. Which would you choose?|I'd swim with the snakes even if you didn't pay me! That sounds awesome!
It's 2018, what annoying issues have we still not managed to solve?|"inb4 someone says something pretentious like ""inequality"" or ""global warming""."
What is your profession and your actual daily responsibilities?|Home inspection for switching to solar power.  Gather all required data and report.
why you are not rich ?|I blow my money on things i don't need
What is Trumps first big unexpected test?|"A test on the resistance of North Korean's habitants to nuclear fallout.  
Too early ?"
What is the most accidentally romantic thing someone has said to you?|I'm usually the one saying things accidentally in a wrong way because i don't get all this social thing that well.
What are your strangest recurring dreams?|Tidal waves. Fuck
What show/series tried a new main character that didn't work out?|That Randy dude on last season of That 70s Show
What is something your restaurant sells that no one should order?|Whale, horse.
How would you react if we made first contact with another intelligent alien species?|I'd pray we make the same choices as a species as humanity in Star Trek. After alien life is discovered, the whole world unifies as we find out we aren't alone in the universe. I would love to see exactly how humanity as a whole would adapt to this revelation.
What was the hardest choice you ever had to make?|"A good friend told me ""what would you do with your life if money was no object?"" I somewhat flippantly answered ""rocket engineer"". He told me ""Go and do that."" The hardest decision was thinking about the conversation we had up to that point, and choosing that, come hell or high water, I was going to become an engineer. Five years later, I'm not an engineer. But I am a technologist with a career and a fiancee. It's not rocketry but it's damn better than sitting at my parents house, unemployed and playing video games."
If you could change any number in history what would you change to cause the most chaos?|Average lifespan = 1000
What is a new skill you learned this past week?|I can finally tripod on my snowboard.
What do you view as immoral, yet necessary?|That is why I prefer ethics over moral. Morals has this connotation of absolute right or wrong, which tend to rise questions like the one OP asks. Morals are individual, and based on the belief that something is right or wrong. Ethics on the other hand is more a standard agreed upon by a society. There is no absolute right or wrong, and you can take more nuanced positions. For instance, you can try to make the best decision based on the best outcome for the majority of the people. This makes it possible to make decisions without assigning an arbitrary value to it.
What is a lie that your parents told you as a child that you believed?|We had a dog that was a bit of a butthole but us kids liked him and our parents said he was going to go live on a farm...total BS!
How would you prefer to celebrate a birthday?|If it's my bday, I chose not to. I don't like celebrating my bday at all. Nothing is worse then having people sing to you or watch you, and only you, open gifts. If it's someone else's, then however they want I guess. I enjoy other people's parties.
What was the most successful thing that ever happened on a Wednesday?|You continued to live
Would you use meth if you were going into a legit infantry battle? Why or why not?|It's a performance enhancing drug, and my life is on the line... so yes. Give me whatever drugs I need to win.
What was your favorite Web site when you first got onto the Web?|I remember really enjoying sites like JoeCartoon and Albinoblacksheep when I was first starting out on the internet. Loading a flash animation didn't take too much time considering I was on a 56k dialup back then. I also remember doing loads of the online tests at TheSpark.com. No idea if that site still exists lol.
Guys of Reddit: What piece of girl logic irritates you the most?|That women (mother, sister, cousin, friend, girlfriend, wife) expect every thing for the other person (mostly males) to understand on their own by supplying loads of hints & signals but would never want to Speak!
If you designed and built a tree house, what would it look like and what would be in it?|It would look like the BBQ Homer Simpson tried to build
What’s a secret about your town that locals don’t want anyone else to know?|Secret Beach, a really dope spot but its dangerous to get to
What's the worst way someone has tried to show off?|That “Burning Coal” thing that people do with their trucks. No part of that is impressive and it’s just all around dangerous for not only the environment, but literally everyone around you.
People who slowly creep forward at intersections, where are you off to in such a hurry?|I'm trying to see around the jerk in the gigantic pick-up truck who pulled up halfway through the crosswalk even though he's pretty much got a lighthouse view
What is the oldest hospital in Australia?|www.google.com
What's your go-to Spongebob quote?|"""The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma"""
"Why do you "" wake and bake "" ?"|It's the only way I feel anything
What do you do to stay healthy when you travel?|I wear warm clothes in cold places
You can ask one question to any person (dead or alive), and they must answer truthfully. Who and what do you ask?|"""mom, am I adopted ?"""
People who used to have a lot of friends and now only have one friend, what happened?|I can't get rid of that bastard.
Why was toilet paper invented before the toilet?|Cause people still crapped. Juat in a hole or outhouse,
what is your favorite Star Wars quote?|"""I know"""
What convinced you that a guy or gal was just too into you?|When I never got to shower alone anymore. And I'd only been dating him for maybe two weeks.
"If you grew up poor, what is some amusing thing that folks who grew up middle class wouldn't ""get""?"|Friend of mine grew up with condiment sandwiches
How does one prepare to fail a test?|Fail to prepare
What's the grossest thing you've seen happen while working for a restaurant?|I was waiting on a table and as the entrees were being served, the guy threw up all over himself. Minimal booze too, wife blamed it on meds. Nasty shit
What's your go-to question for a conversation starter?|U reddit?
Do you check behind the shower curtain when you go to the bathroom, and if so, what are you most scared of seeing there?|A murderer
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?|Xxx_darkdragonkiller45_xxx
Has a potential new employer ever contacted your current one without your permission? What did you do?|test
What is a great free or incredibly cheap network game that will run on a modest 10 year old desktop machine under Win 10?|Travian, completely free.
People and goats of reddit who have fallen asleep on public transport, what is the funniest, creepiest or strangest thing that has happened to you?|I fell asleep about a kilometer from my stop once, and subconsciously slapped myself awake
Got a new computer, which is better and why, Chrome or Firefox?|Chrome, because google.
What are some good resources for people who want to learn to code / computer programming?|Code academy
How can you make a Google Account without a mobile?|I won't have a mobile until the end of the month, but need a Google Account before then. Is there anything I can do?
What's your favorite St. Patrick's Day quote ?|Erin Go Bra-less!
How is it decided where the deer crossing signs go?|The deer's have a meeting to decide
Redditors, who have been to Croatia, need suggestions on the best restaurants and the not-to-miss food there?|Maybe google it. Youll find better results there.
What bad behaviors have your kids picked up from school or online? How did you try to fix it?|They lost their potential to exist due to my inappropriate online behaviors XD
People who use tinder strictly for validation purposes: Would you want a completely separate feature that aided in your validation purposes?|Wasnt that hot or not?
What's the true story you always tell and no one believes?|The time I emigrated The other time I emigrated The time a cop jumped in the back of my car and we chased a suspect The time I punched a guy's ear off The time I won a karate fight with a broken foot The time the cops pulled me over because they thought I had stolen my car after my sick powerslides The time a cop challenged me to a 130 mph street race The time a cop came to arrest me but I talked him out of it, fixed his radio, and sent him on his way The time I got a job offer from Mi5 and turned it do to go sell didgeridoos in Australia The time I learned a new language to pick up a hot chick I met and get her to fall in love with me The time I insisted a cop arrest me and I spent a night in the jail The time I saw two tall buildings bumping into each other in the city during a 9.0 earthquake followed by a massive tsunami and a triple nuclear meltdown The time I met my mother's mate who had killed one of his assassins with a karate kick and had to deal with regular death threats from the Yakuza The time I got so fucking shitfaced with a bunch of low-level Yakuza guys on weed and booze before throwing up and passing out in their toilet The time I had a camera shoved down my cock as four young nurses looked on and took notes The time I found $3,000 in a bag at the side of the road and spent it all on video games and booze The time I had four tickets to the next Nirvana concert...just before Kurt blew his brains out with a shotgun The time I flew to Berlin, picked up some weed an hour after getting off the plane, and going to a Rammstein concert The time I went to a J-pop concert in Tokyo with a guy I had just met off the internet who flew in from Belgium The time I helped my mate rescue her car after it got stolen three times in one night The time my girlfriend crashed my new sports car and I had to spend the next three months driving a fucking Polo The time I walked out of my office and found a bunch of Japanese high school girls taking their clothes off in the corridor
If all the world's stage where does the audience site ?|The audience is the show
What did you discover was really weird about that one kid’s parents when you went to play at their house?|They had a lot of handguns and wouldn't let us play videogames inside, forced us to play out by the river in the middle of winter... I'm pretty sure they were drug dealers or involved with the Hells Angels or something because they were epically messed up.
whom do you love more?father or mother?|None of the above. My Mother died this year without ever meeting me after she lost custody of me at 5 months. My Father hasn't spoken to me or anyone else in my family for about 15 years or so. So yeah don't really care for either of them. My Grandparents on the other hand...I don't think I could choose.
What’s the most useful and useless college degree you know?|Useful : STEM degrees Useless: Gender Studies or Womens Studies (most things ending in Studies or -ology)
Who’s a good boy?|ARE YOU CHEATING ON ME WITH OTHER GOOD BOYS?
Any actual tips on how to get laid on Valantines Day?|Asking for a friend, right?
What movie would have been better off as a TV show and vice versa?|Friend and I definitely agree that World War Z would be great as a series of episodes.
If you can make a live-action on a anime, what one would it be?|A hentai one starring Ariana Grande
Reddit, what's something that isn't greater than the sum of its parts?|Justin Bieber is not as great as Justin Timberlake or someone with the last name of Bieber.
What is one app that nobody knows about but is really helpful? What does it do?|Screen filter. It can really dim the brightness of a screen and prolong the battery.
What is your most embarrassing story? How did you recovery or handle the situation?|I had digestion problems during my handball training in grade school. I shited in locker room, whole bathroom and escaped. The next day whole school knew. I never recovered.
We hear often hear of companies shifting productions abroad to poor countries. Has anyone in the ‘first world’ ever experienced this first hand? Have you ever lost your job because of this? What effects has this had on your life & company?|The exact opposite. I worked for a large financial institution that off shored all it's IT support to Kuala lumpur and then decided it was a terrible ides so they moved it to the UK!
What was the most obscure thing you’ve watched or played as a kid?|I vaguely remember watching Terrahawks as a kid.  I can barely remember anything about it apart from one really weird thing. One of the main female characters always had a massive afro but in nearly every episode it was a totally different colour from bright green to even being rainbow coloured on occasion. It was so strange that it's forever etched into my memory over anything else that happened in the show.
What things are, surprisingly, legal where you live?|For instance, in New Mexico it's totally legal to harbor a felon if they're family (technically, it doesn't count as harboring a fugitive if they're family) https://law.justia.com/codes/new-mexico/2013/chapter-30/article-22/section-30-22-4/
IT pros, whats the worst thing you have ever found while fixing a friend's computer?|Dirty photos of his very, very unnatractive gf using him as a toilet
What strange thing has happened to you that you don't expect anyone to ever believe you?|I'm lucky in the sense that my friends believe me because I have pictures and other evidence and they are super excited about it, but just telling someone, no one would buy it. An actor from one of my favorite TV shows asked me out on a date. Date ensued. We've hung out a few times. I don't spread it around, cause I'm not a teenager trying to show off, but I know ordinary people wouldn't believe me if I just threw it out there. (posting this on a throwaway account for privacy reasons)
What great song has a terrible bridge?|London bridge is falling down falling down falling down
What takes you longer than it should?|Showering
"When you're forced to smile for a picture, what's your ""go to"" thought?"|I fake smile, just like all the times i ever smile, except when i laugh.
What app (apart from reddit) do you use the most on your phone and why?|Whatsapp.  Easiest for messaging, pictures, vids, etc.
Which is the worst combination of food you can imagine?|Vegemite and orange marmalade
What's the worst TV series or movie you've ever watched?|Walking dead after season 3. Honestly it's so fucking bad. It's like every episode is a failed pilot episode of some terrible show. What a joke.
Name some subreddits where you can post the weirdest images on the internet?|/r/surrealmemes
Loners of Reddit, how do you spend your time without annoying anyone?|I have no friends but I spend most of my time hanging out with my family and pets. And tv. Lots of tv.
What is something that isn't acceptable but should be in our society?|Weed.
What high level job do you think you could lie your way into with no experience and no one would notice?|Not me, but I'm sure many of you have heard of Frank Abagnale. I believe he was only 17 when he lied his way into being a pilot, doctor, and lawyer. Incredible how he did it, and was made into the film Catch Me If You Can
What is something that most people don't realize they are doing wrong?|My wife
What small fact did you learn that totally changed the way you viewed something?|I really loved Picasso and Modigliani, I found their lives and works so inspiring but it turned out they beated women and now I don't like them that much but I still appreciate them as artists
What is something small you can do every day to make you life worse?|Having a smoke.
What is the dumbest fight or argue you've seen?|My wife broke down crying because I said Star Trek:The Next Generation sucks.
What outrageous competition, even a made up one, should be a Olympic event?|Have you seen Beerfest?
What’s the job you left the quickest and why?|Man, I have one job where I showed up for training and never again. The interview itself was actually pretty terrifying - group of maybe 6 of us, we each got asked to read a page from a script and then were bulk hired (one dude walked out, mid-interview.  He was smart). I come back for training, turns out the actual job is cold-calling people to convince them to give us money.  It was billed as collecting for charities, but the whole thing felt sketch as hell.  Like, if we were calling on behalf of some sort of police gig we were supposed to imply as hard as possible that we were police but weren't actually allowed to say it. The whole place smelled of cigarette smoke and depression, the equipment was shabby and barely-functional, and the hiring manager didn't even pretend enthusiasm. Once training ended I never went near them again or even tried to contact them for my 2 hours of training pay.
How much did your trip to the Superbowl to Minneapolis cost?|$0 - Didn't go.
You're 16 and given a one-use device that halves your age at whatever point you use it, so if you use it when you're 30, you go back to being 15, or use it at 60 you go back to being 30 etc. When do you use it?|50
What does it mean to live a good life?|Be happy.
How important is cargo space in your car to you?|It's up there on the list of importance, but not that high up as I don't have to transport that much on a daily basis. I could always just rent a trailer or something.
What’s the single best nature experience you’ve ever had?|Two tabs of needlepoint acid, and amazing sex on top of a hill, overlooking a lake.
How many phones have you broken or lost?|Lost a phone on the bus before, never saw it again after that.
Law enforcement/special agents/agents/etc. of Reddit, how often do you actually discharge your weapons?|Whenever I see a black man running What kind of stupid question is that?
What will happen when Moon falls downstairs on world?|We ded.
From strictly a taxpayer perspective, why do you or don't you support a military parade in DC?|It is really fucking expensive and Hollywood already puts out a bunch of movies that celebrate American military might for free.
A genie approaches you granting you 3 wishes. The only catch, you can only have the effects of the wish for one year, what do you wish for?|Emma Watson, Inka Williams and Natalie Alyn Lind
What loophole exists in your field of work that more people should know in order to use to their advantage?|Dont be a dick, you MIGHT get free shit. Or at least some lee-way when it comes to what we can/cant do! (retail)
"What was supposed to be the ""next big thing"", that never was?"|Dip N Dots, Ice Cream of the future...
What is the most embarassing moment you've had in elementary, middle, and high school?|"Second grade during attendance, I wanted to be fancy and tried to say ""present"" instead of ""here"". I ended up saying ""pregnant"". I was told to sit in the corner."
Reddit, what is the worst auto accident you have been involved in?|Spun into a tree coming out of my drive way. Thought I was just drifting and was having fun at first. Now I have a huge dent in my right fender
What apps do you have on your smartphone?|Not much - Yahoo Mail, Spotify, USAA, UsBank, Microsoft Teams, Fanfiction.Net, YouTube, Reddit. That's about it. I spend most of my time at a computer anyway.
What’s a job you left the quickest and why?|Working in a pet shop franchise. Short shifts that lasted forever. Crap pay and mind numbing boring. The people who work there full time must be suicidal.
What's your favourite YouTube channel to watch on your lunch hour?|The GearShots
Why do some Redditors lose their shit over a re-post?|There's nothing worse than the feeling of doing something you're proud of and watch someone else profit from it
What did you get away with that you shouldn't?|Nice try police
Ladies, what is the best surprise date you're SO/BF has ever done for you?|"Why's this aimed at just ladies?  My ex girlfriend surprised me with a weekend away to Iceland. We spoke about it for years, dreaming about it..
The best weekend of my life.."
Why does something wake you up from a dream right at the exact moment you needed to see what would happen next in the dream?|its because your consciousness focus. its like in chemistry when you change from one state to another, energy is released its enough to wake you up.
If you could combine any two things to make a much better thing, what would you combine?|Ariana Grande and unwillingness
How the fuck do you ask someone out?|dont tell them youre obsessed with feet to start.
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?|Macaroni cheese with tomato sauce. Can't beat it.
What was extremely popular when you were in school?|Starter jackets.  Mostly NBA but some NFL too.
What’s the worst thing that has happened to you in a restaurant?|I threw up at a red lobster when I was a wee kid.
What when comes up in conversation, makes you blush red like your guilty?|You’re*
What was a mistake that you didn't learn from?|Welp I have 3 kids
Which country got the kindest and most friendly people?|I'm honestly hoping it's an All-Way-Tie between all the countries of the world. There are plenty of kind, friendly people in any country... you just need to find them.
School Janitors of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you found in a student's locker?|A student
If you were a god, what would you do? Why?|I would start out by doing little things for people: help find their car keys, fix their computers, get them better shifts at work. Slowly these small acts would become larger, more grandiose miracles as the full power of a good corrupts my mind. Inevitably I would end up waging a one man war against humanity, destroying the Earth and half the solar system in the process. Afterwards I would float around space aimlessly for a but looking for other life forms to mess with.
What movie was over-budget and delayed being released but turned out to be a great film anyway?|Apocolypse Now
What is the most you've managed to scare someone with a spooky story, prank etc.?|"I used to have a group of friends in school, one of which lived in a huge house. It was perfect for sleep-overs, and more importantly, for hide and seek. 
&nbsp; We're playing one night, and I'm hiding in an en-suite shower with a frosted glass door. I was doing pretty well. Someone even came into the room and then left. I heard them discussing that they should check the shower, but since they were a few rooms away, I decided to bail and find somewhere to hide in the room itself. Unfortunately it didn't go to plan, and there was nowhere to hide. Since they'd come through the room to get to the bathroom, I knew I was going to be found. I just stood next to the bed and accepted my fate. 
&nbsp; One of my friends walked into the room, looking around. He even looked in my direction, but for some reason he didn't notice me. I have no idea how this happened, and he was looking around the room for a good 10 seconds before looking again in my direction (and to be clear, I'm just standing there, in plain view), so I just screamed as loud as I could and rush towards him. 
&nbsp; I've never seen a more intense look of horror on anyone's face in my life. He screamed, and I genuinely thought he was going to pass out. I can only imagine that for him, it was like I'd appeared from nowhere. 
&nbsp; We didn't play hide and seek again."
What are the personality traits of the people you know who don't use Facebook?|Intelligent
Smokers, how do you justify the expense of your hobby?|I can't justify it to be honest. Then again, I don't do anything else but pay bills (don't really go out), so there is that. Some people go out every Fri-Sat (and sometimes Sunday) and drop $100's on alcohol. How can they justify that? I guess that's how I see it. It's a nasty, nasty habit I'm trying to quit. People shouldn't throw stones though, since most have at least 1 thing they drop a ton of money on that they don't need/they shouldn't.
So with the falcon heavy success yesterday, what does this mean for our space exploration?|Nothing other than to make it cheaper.
Where do you think your life is taking you?|To the grave.
You’ve been given 24 hours to live by your doctor, what do you do?|Say bye to family members- easy decision
If you could sort a pile of lego bricks by only one factor, what would you sort them by?|Pain caused when stepped on.
What are you hopeful for or can’t wait for?|For now, it's mostly the hope to get some bigger scale perler pieces done once I have enough patience and supplies. I'll be a happy camper once those are done.
Graphic designers and digital artists of reddit, how would a beginner get started?|get a drawing tablet and a free software like krita or medibang.
You’re a burglar, but instead of stealing when you break in, you do thinks to mildly inconvenience your victims. What do you do?|Remove toilet paper Take batteries out of remote controls Hide phone chargers Blow out pilot light on the hot water tank
What is your funniest moment with a child?|Nice try FBI
what game would you recommend for someone starting out with table-top rpg gaming?|DCC RPG
Heathens of Reddit: Why do you put catsup on eggs?|"Why do you spell ""ketchup"" wrong?"
If you had the money to shoot one inanimate object into space, what would it be?|A chuck e cheese coin
What was your reaction to the roadster in space?|"""Cool, I guess""."
Do you like reddit's auto moderator, why and why not?|I basically hate those automods that remove post arbitrarily, the bots don't even know which post is suitable and which post is not, manual review also to no avail...
What didn't scare you when you were a kid, but does now that you're older?|Bills
Who is liable for the bill of a drug test the employer required an employee to take after an accident?|I didn't get charged for mine. I got part of a fiber cut off. All my medical was paid for through workers comp. I'm assuming the employer paid for the drug screen.
"What's the best things to pretend to like so you can be thought of as ""one of the guys""?"|Don't pretend to like stuff, seriously. They'll find out in no time.
What is something that annoys you?|People stopping dead in their tracks in crowed areas or making 180 turns. So often do I have to avoid collision and some seem so ignorant.
People of Reddit what was your luckiest gambling/betting story?|First time I ever walked into a casino came up 200%.
What would be the worst superpower to have?|America right now comes with a lot of baggage.
What do you wish society was more honest about?|I wish they were honest with themselves when admitting a girl is hot
If you could choose the next POTUS, who would it be and why?|Mark Cuban! There’s actually a good chance he will run in the coming years.
What’s the weirdest/creepiest thing a child has ever said to you?|“Mister, what is a repost?” “Look at OP little one”
Why haven't you done that thing you were supposed to do?|Because I’m lazy, and I’m only supposed to do what I want to do aside from paying bills
why fascism Rising in the US?|It isn’t.
What do you think you would do with your life if you knew you were going to die in a years time, assume you'll be in no pain and have no constraints on travel or movement?|Aimless drifting
What feeling do you hate?|I hate the combination of feeling being emotionally exhausted but not allowed to go home and get some rest.
What is an easy way to make money as a teenager?|Take care of someone's dog, that's what i did. It's not much but it helps the people around me and i get some money out of it, so, win-win.
Besides Adolf, what other first names have been ruined by history?|Gaylord
Who comes up in your mind when one of those ex-SO reminiscence scenes come out in movies/shows?|The first girl who I loved and who was the other half of my first adult relationship. Last I heard she moved abroad.
"Chefs/cooks of Reddit, what was the strangest ""special order"" you ever received?"|"""Go easy on the mayo."" It was for a pizza."
Why is it when people talk about saving energy, like turning off a light when you leave a room, turn stuff off if not using it, ect, how come no one ever talks about how large businesses leave on all their lights and whatnot on all night long?|Because the large business is paying the electric bill.
What do people know about American Air?|it's the freest air in the world
If you had the power to make every human do one thing at exactly the same time, what would it be?|Send me one US Dollar.
You get locked in a room for the rest of your life with nothing but necessary equipments for living, gaming system with internet connection AND every game from one game developer/publisher. Which game developer/publisher would you choose?|Sports interactive. I play football manager the most so might  as well. Otherwise Bethesda
What are some reasons to learn Morse Code in this day and age?|To talk about Dwight in front of Dwight
What's the best in-joke of reddit?|NEXT!
what weird things did you do as a kid?|I have vivid memories of being in 1st grade and being the only kid that ran out of my seat like a maniac to hug some dude dressed like Clifford who came to my school. No other kid got out of their seat...I also remember that same year I started talking to kids like I was already an adult. Stuff like “oh honey are you ok?” When a kid in my class got hurt. Or “Go play with Jim he seems like a nice boy” I was really weird...
What experience do you wish you could forget?|Raped at 5
What advice do you wish you'd never taken?|When I was was 17 I didn’t know what to do with myself after high school. I tried getting into community college just to get a feel at what I was good at. That’s when brother of the year opens his gob and goes “If you don’t go to a four year college then you’re a loser. And you have to get into a real good one like the private ones. “ and starts naming expensive private colleges I should get into so I’m not a loser with no future. Thousands upon thousands of dollars in debt later which I just recently paid off with my husbands help..now in my thirties. We could have bought a damn house already if not for that advice.
Which is better, the iPhone 7 or the Galaxy S7 and why?|Apples and oranges
What words sound less real the more you say them?|"""I'm okay."""
"What makes you ignore coworkers or familiar faces who say ""good morning""?"|I am not a liar
When you get a promotional code for adwords do you still have to pay something or you can spend all the credit without being charged?|Thanks for being helpful - to those who downvote the post without helping at all!
Why should we hire you?|because I need money and you need someone to fill a sinecure
Sensitive People of reddit, when was the Moment in your life when you started to think more egoistical?|Easy, have a kid, you instantly think your kid is the coolest, greatest thing in the world, better than all, you talk up your kid like everyone's gotta know your kid exists and is gonna be awesome. Watching them grow you gloat you get defensive and you make mention of everything they do, id say thats pretty egotistic! lol
What is your favourite song quote?|Feminist women love Eminem
What's the most improbable thing you got someone to believe?|"""The grit tree"""
If you were to assign colours to each side of your brain, what colours would you choose?|Pink and pink
What's the most disappointing thing you could find in a plastic Easter egg?|Easter is on the same day as April fools this year.  Are you trying to get some ideas?
(UK) What’s your favourite coffee grounds?|those that are used to make coffee with.
Parents of Reddit, what hobbies or interests do your kids have that you just don't get?|Watching videos of other people playing video games instead of just playing them yourself. I know... I'm old... but I am a gamer myself and I really just don't get it.
What kind of hitchhiker will Starman pick up on his journey to Mars?|Some guy from a planet in the general vicinity of Betelgeuse named Ford Prefect.
What is the most difficult goal you have achieved? and how?|I quit smoking after eight years of being stuck on the cancer sticks. The actual how was just going cold turkey - I got sick and tired of having a cough all the time, getting sinus infections and bronchitis like once a month, and paying eight bucks a day for it all. On top of that, my shitty mooch roommate bummed all my cigarettes so I was buying even MORE cigarettes because he smoked half of mine.
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?|Hockey
Keanu Reeves IS the greatest action movie star, Yes or No and why?|Yes. Because John Wick
Women of Reddit, have you ever been in a relationship with a guy you rejected at first? If so, what changed your mind?|Yup. I liked him all along, I was just too scared to date him (mental health problems, i guess), so nothing changed, except for my attitude.
Atheists who have kids, how do you deal with their existential questions?|That we don't have all the answers either. That some things are up to them to decide what they believe.
What places do you think dislike asians the most?|Any place that values personal space.
What is a quick and easy breakfast that will keep you full through lunch?|Poridge
To all college students, how do you earn money?|"""mom, give me money"""
What are too many people doing?|Other people
What is a TV show that doesnt get enough recognition, old or new?|The big band theory
Binocular users, what was the strangest thing you’ve accidentally seen?|"""accidentally"" (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
What little sound or feeling makes your whole body ache?|A ticking clock in an outherwise quiet room.
What's the worst thing you've ever smelled?|OP's mom
When you were a kid, what was an awesome movie you enjoyed watching but watch it today and realize it's terrible?|The Never Ending Story
What are you doing to help change the world (your community)?|I recycle.... Sometimes
Couples of Reddit, what are you doing for your SO on Valentine’s Day?|"As in the past, this year the SO and I can't be bothered to set up plans or blow money on an expensive dinner, so we're just going to do a day of ""favorites"". Favorite home cooked meal, favorite movie, favorite board game / video game to play, favorite route to walk through town, while wearing our favorite outfit, and talking about our favorite memories. We just take it as a day where we got to be most comfortable, doing our most enjoyable activities."
Amputees of Reddit- What's it like?|It’s different but can’t quite put my finger on it
what are your experience with aliens, and what have you learned from it?|I've had a few conversations with illegal aliens and pretty much all of them are really good people. They're just trying to get out of a war torn area like Guatemala and make a decent life for themselves. Most of the money they earn they send back home to help their families. When you hear about the stuff some of them have gone through just to get here, it'll break your heart.
In mario odyssey, when mario captures enemies his mustache stays, if you possessed something, what feature about you would stay?|depression
How is Elon Musk and his companies able to make so many innovations and push technological boundaries so far? Why is no one else close?|because he's willing to do it and also has the means to do it, whereas no one else is.
What are we in the golden age of?|Reddit.
What are your views on the February Dates?|They aight
What made you go, “Huh... of course that would exist”?|Sidewalk snow plows So I'm from New Mexico, and we aren't exactly famed for our snowfall.  More specifically, I'm from Albuquerque, so didn't even really get mountain snow. Well, now I'm living in Vermont, and my family and I all stared in wonderment as this tiny snow plow (with a salt spreader on back) drove down the sidewalk, clearing the path.  We even snapped a photo to show people back home. I mean, it makes total sense.  Keep the sidewalks usable.  Just... never occurred.
What valuable lesson did you learn from watching someone else make a huge mistake?|Use a condom and don't believe her when she says she's on the pill
What can be the best gift idea for a 5 yo Harry Potter fan between the price range of $25-35 for both display and play purposes?|Wand? Hot Topic usually has a bunch of Harry Potter stuff.
When did you feel the most appreciated at work (excluding pay raises) by coworkers/bosses and why?|Boss said I was a very quick and efficient worker. It's not much, I know, but it's the little things that mean a lot
Employees of Reddit, why are you feeling undervalued today?|Being an employee is being undervalued right out the door. You give a majority of the time you are awake to make/sell whatever product, that product is sold and you see pennies of that total sale price while most of it goes to some shitbag in an office who does nothing. It's disgusting.
Folks, what is totally a social construct?|Reality, from a sociological perspective at least.
If life was a video game, what would be the plot and gameplay?|All I know is it would be made by EA. Can't do anything in life without a microtransaction.
What are some cool things in your City that we can see on Google Street View?|https://imgur.com/HINOSQ1
How many pets and what pets do you own?|I own one Weimaraner, the rest of the household owns two dogs two cats and a bearded dragon.
What's the worst case you've witnessed of someone being embarrassingly wrong?|I've been told countless times its impossible for Jews to be Hispanic. I'm a Jew that was born in South America and my first language was spanish
Mother-in-Laws and daughter-in-laws, why the fuck do you hate each other?|Not always. But it’s usually because the mother feels like nobody is good enough for her child. It’s pretty selfish and obnoxious but understandable.
What country of origin does the majority of Reddit content come from?|USA
Students, which class monopolized the most of your time?|Two words, 6 syllables: Organic Chemistry
Do you butter both slices of bread? Why?|Only if I'm making a triple decker sandwich or if I want a more buttery grill cheese sandwich
What are your thoughts on dipping buttered toast in tea?|I think you need to see a therapist.
If your life was a subreddit what would be called ?|r/illdoittomorrow
If you wanted to stop someone from joining Reddit, which subreddit would you show them?|Reddit 50/50.
What drove you to make a move on your crush?|I realized the worst she could say was no.
What lesson did you have learn the hard way?|riding a bike and swimming
What kind of news articles usually feature on the front page?|news
What always brings out the kid in You?|Not using condoms
If Trump dons a glorious, medal-covered military jacket for his big parade, what will his medals be for?|Bullshitting above and beyond the level any intelligent person could believe...
What's the best way to get over an ex you have kids with?|Time... Exactly the same as an ex you don't have kids with...
Which zombie apocalypse movie/TV show/video game/fiction is the most accurate and plausible one?|A plausibel Zombie story?  seriously?
What's your plan for Valentines Day if you are single ?|I got my right hand a new bottle of lube
What is the use of an currency if people don't buy and sell with it?|Nothing?
You're giving a tour of your home town. What bullshit do you come up with to fuck with the tourists?|Every God damn word I tell them.
What is your favorite sports memory?|when that matador got mauled to death by a bull a few years ago
Reddit, what is the most cohesive sentence you can make using only autocomplete?|"""The apple juice and the police were here."" Does that count as cohesive?"
What's a little superpower you have that doesn't really effect anything but still cool that you have it?|"I ask because my boyfriend constantly asks me ""what dog is that"" and 99% of the time I can get the dog breed correct lol"
How many Roses you have got or expecting today, as today is Rose day?|I don't think that's a thing here.
Procrastinators of Reddit: What are you putting off doing right now?|Sleep. It's 3.30am and I have to get up in 2 hours =/
If you could send anything to space, what would you send?|The houses of parliament.
What’s the best Disney movie soundtrack?|Mulan
What video game describes your sex life?|Conker's Bad Fur Day
"People of Reddit, what is your ""never have I ever"" that makes everyone around you question your existence?"|Never have I ever tried Nutella. Normally gets the wide eyes and WHATTTTTT. Just not a hazelnut guy
If you spank Dwayne Johnson, does that mean you hit Rock bottom? Why or why not?|That would depend on what part of him you spank.
Couples who hate their in-laws or vice versa, what's it like?|Works great for us. No contact has made our lives so much easier.
What are some tips/hacks for a better Disney World vacation?|Bring a disabled person with you.
Have you ever choked on something? What happened?|A big cock. He couldnt pull out.
What is something that needs to be said?|Fuck you Girls.
Whats a lie you've told a person/group of people and they still believe it to this day?|i'm ok
What is your guilty pleasure?|Answering AskReddit questions. This stuff has been my crack for years and I'd step away for a while but keep coming back. ^^^SendHelp...andPuns
Redditors who visited Russia as a tourists, why did you go there?|Why not? I went their 2 years ago and it was a great country to see.
What is the best/worst thing you have learned thanks to Reddit?|That people are largely unoriginal and enjoy repetition and will debase themselves for imaginary internet points. But also that total strangers can really care and offer others support, which you dont get to see much in these days of ever waning levels of faith in humanity. Thats worst/best btw.
Which TV show from your childhood do you wish made a huge comeback?|Kenan and Kel
How much damage would that Tesla Roadster do if it derided to park back on earth in some future orbit?|I'd recommend posting this in /r/theydidthemath or somewhere similar, cause I'm pretty sure this violates Rule 3.
What percentage of your salary would you sacrifice for how many years to have your favourite sports team win the championship for 1 year?|0
Aside from that Harry Potter broomstick thing, what are some products with great unintended off-label uses?|Massage wands
What are your thoughts on the Super Bowl riot in Philly?|Rioting over sport? Get a life, you idiots.
If Philly had its own Mount Rushmore, who would be on it?|Ben Franklin, Rocky, Frank Reynolds, and Nick Foles
When is it okay to change your professional sports team?|When they fold/dissolve! Other than that, its not on!
"What are your favorite comebacks to ""things Nice Guys say""?"|"""You're a whore!""  
""Yet I still won't touch you."" ""You're so shallow you won't go out with me because you think I'm ugly!""  
""You're the one hitting on me because you think I'm pretty, despite the fact I've never actually even been NICE to you before."""
What goes on in Facebook these days?|Old people reposting political memes and arguing about Trump vs. liberals. People you haven't seen since high school posting totally irrelevant details about their lives. Parents posting every little detail about their child's life. (Okay, I have three kids so I guess I sort of understand this one...) Occasional gossip and shit talking. Basically, useless white noise. I log in to check my chronic migraine groups and stay in touch with messenger, otherwise I'd delete mine.
What is your opinion on the Donald Trump's mental condition?|"Eh, whatever. The position of President is best described as ""Team Mascot"", it's middle management as far as power over the US is concerned."
If you have unlimited money for 24 hours, what you gonna do?|Cash out
What's the worst lie you could get away with telling?|A few years back, I once told a lie about one of my grandparents passing away just so I could take the company provided 3 day bereavement leave (did not want to take my own vacation time). I was just so done with the bs going on around me on a daily basis.
What is a sexual fantasy you have about someone you know?|I wanna watch her pay off her credit cards
what made you cry always?|some one death
How many times did you snooze your alarm this morning... and why?|No Alarm
Which famous non actor (athlete, comedian, artist etc.) would you like to see play a role in a movie?|Hate to be that guy but comedians are basically actors. But I'd love to see John Mulaney in an action-comedy.
Why don't you believe God is omniscient ?|Because god isn't real.
What 's the best way to make love to someone?|Consensually.
What is the biggest secret you were asked to keep?|I'm not telling you.
Arnold tells you he'll be back, what do yo do?|Ask him who is your daddy and what does he do or whatever.
People who drove slowly in the HOV lane, why do you choose that lane?|What is the link between speed and capacity ? I don't get it.
What’s better than it sounds?|Falafel. Shit name, tasty food.
People who turned deaf, what was your favorite sound?|"""Not deaf, but...""-comment in 3,2,1"
What was your post that you thought was amazing, but went unrecognized?|Probably the time I wrote who is your daddy and what does he do or whatever.
What was the first car you owned and how is it doing now?|2002 BMW 318i Still going strong, no problems so far (Knock on wood)
Drivers who don’t use their turn signals, why don’t you use them?|It's inappropriate to reveal tactical information to the enemy.
Why did Elon Musk send his car to space? Why not send something useful?|Because something useful would have been incredibly expensive and this was only a test flight to prove the rocket works. No one is going to invest in an expensive as shit instrument only to risk its' existence on an untested platform.    Typically, when testing a rocket for the first time like this, a company would load the rocket up with cinder blocks (or something else that's compact and heavy) to simulate a payload. Musk used his Tesla because he could, it was fun, it was a no risk payload, and it got America to talk about something other than Trump for nearly 24 hours.
What t.v. shows got better in their later seasons?|"breaking bad  
game of thrones"
What would your next door neighbours say about you?|I don't know. I don't speak to them or know any of their names.
What should you never put on toast?|Roseanne Barr
Why is Russia the new boogeyman?|"""""""""New"""""""""
"Redditors, what are your experiences with the ""weird kid"" in school?"|I mean i could recall this one dude in high school who legitimately believed he had a bloodline connected to werewolves. Like he seriously thought his ancestors were wolves, so whenever there was a full moon he said he felt like he was surging with power or some weird shit. Despite being kinda creepy i actually keep up with this kid nowadays and every now and then we play league of legends. The weird ones in life are typically harmless.
If Trump doesn't see his shadow, what are we going to have six more weeks of?|Climate Change denialism.
What's the craziest time you've seen some snap?|On a funeral
We hear alot about what game developers need to understand from the gamer's perspective. What do gamers need to understand from a developer's perspective?|That the only thing big dev companies care about and have to base themselves on are profits. They are quoted and got actionists. They must try to milk as much as they can
If you could travel in time, what would you change in your life or in our history?|I would not change a thing as the tiniest most seemingly inconsequential change could have disastrous future repercussions. I can think of so many times in my past where had I made a different choice regarding something seemingly unimportant at the time, my life would have gone in a very different direction and there’s no way to know if that other direction would have been better or worse.
People who work technical, niche, or high-education jobs, what's the most fun thing you do on the job that outsiders might not get?|I get to climb up to near the top of a distillation column and look out over the entire chemical plant.
What is your top tip for winning a street fight, if fighting is the only option?|Give up all ideas about fighting fair, follow the lead of the chimps, attack the eyes and testicles. It's all about disabling their ability to fight back
What are some unwritten rules of Reddit?|Don't ask people to upvote a post, neither ask people to downvote a post. You will always achieve the exact opposite of whatever your honest intention is (regardless of which phrase of the two above you actually wrote).
What, despite your best efforts, could you just not get into?|Game Of Thrones. Sacrilegious, I know.
What's the farthest you've been away from home?|About 4900 miles (or about 7885 km).  From St. Louis, Missouri to Vienna, Austria.  In the 60s, that was almost as far east as you could go in Europe without very special permission.
What are your favorite song lyrics?|If you’re happy and you know it clap your hands
If money and/or inconvenience weren't an issue, would you change anything in/outside your home? If so, what would you change?|Fix the heating in the kitchen
What annoys you, but you know it shouldn't?|Seeing co-workers in public
Teachers of Reddit, what was it like having a former student become your co-worker?|Lol
Who's the worst college professor you've had?|Technically she was terrible. I was actively taught more about her newspaper round when she was a child and how she knew which of her neighbours were socialists by what they read. Amazing person, so much fun.  And then the exam came along, and that wasnt on the text.
People who drive bigger pickup trucks/expensive cars, why do a large potion of you feel as if the rules of the road no longer apply to you?|I think that's kind of a broad generalization and not necessarily true. I'm marginally more careful in my giant truck than my Prius. I do notice that other drivers treat the truck with more respect than the smaller car, though. Something about 6,500 pounds of steel coming at them makes people hesitate to pull out in front of me.
which technology should be banned?|Mighty Beans
why fast food should be banned?|It shouldn't
I see people on a lot of subs complaining of a decline in quality of posts. What sub has not gone off the rails?|None of them, people just like to complain when anything changes.
Redditors who visited the red-light district, what was your experience like?|It was pretty dicksturbing
What is your most favourite quote from a film ever, and why?|“Do or do not, there is no try.”
If you were SpaceX's Star Man floating in space, what music would you want on your playlist?|Starman- David Bowie?
Who has invested thousands of hours on something and then given up? Why did you give up?|(Raises hand). That chapter naturally closed. Time to move on to new adventures.
"What's your best ""it sounds weird, I know, but try it and you'll see"" thing?"|LSD
Reddit, what are some everyday problems that need solving?|Racism.
What if the age of majority wasn’t an age? How would you decide someone is ready for adulthood?|Just drop em in the woods for a while, see how they do
What movie/tv show are you afraid to rewatch because you're afraid it isn't as good as you remember it?|The power rangers
Which activity has the biggest skill gap between a pro and a newbie?|Neurosurgery
Insurance adjusters, what’s the dumbest thing someone has tried to sneak past you?|Worked in IT for an insurance company, once heard about a woman that reported her vehicle stolen.  Two years later the adjuster gets a call from a repair shop saying they had a car that they were trying to get a title on because the owner left it there for repairs and never picked it up, but the title search said the insurance company owned it.  Turns out the woman that reported the car stolen just did not want to pay the bill to repair it.  The kicker is that the repair shop was owned by the woman's nephew.
Night shift workers, what's your secret for sleeping a full 8 hours while its daylight?|Thick curtains
Why can't the two-party system in U.S. politics be abolished?|Because the 2 parties don't want it to be and by complete coincidence, it's their decision.
Who else hates the new Snapchat update?|I hate snapchat in general
People who work in mental institutes , whats the most disturbing thing you've seen / heard ?|Weirdly enough, it's been multiple people with the same behavior. It's the same stuff all the time, they always repeat the same. And don't get me started on when they have internet week.  They all just sit there, glued to their screens - leeches of society - and write upload and laugh about the same stuff, day in day out.  Despicable, but they dont know any better. Almost reminds me of a certain sites' userbase...
other than dying, which rising star had the quickest and worse end to their sudden fame? what happened to them?|I'm gonna go with Jerry Lee Lewis for marrying his 13 yr old cousin
What's the worst meltdown during finals week/exams have you ever seen or heard of?|"Not so much worst as funniest/unfortunate.  My high school math teacher said that when she was a student she stayed up all night drinking lots of coffee, studying for a university final that was worth well over half her grade. She was so exhausted when she got there. She sat down, took a look at her exam, said ""okay calm down, just take a second to think about this first question"". That ""second"" ended up turning into a nap that she woke from with 5 minutes left in the test. She didnt pass."
What are some Government secrets you can now reveal since you don’t work for the Government anymore?|ATTENTION TO YOU REDDITORS THAT USED TO WORK FOR THE US GOVERNMENT!! I KNOW YALL SLEPT THROUGHT YOUR SSO BRIEF, BUT GETTING OUT OF THE MILITARY/GOVERNMENT SERVICE DOES NOT MEAN THAT INFORMATION CAN BE SHARED AND YOU CAN AND WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR SHIT YOU SAY.
If you could travel back in time and hoard something that was worthless at the time and bring it back to the present, what would it be?|Some Van Gogh paintings
What is the dumbest reason you ever rage quit a video game?|Lost my roblox girlfriend
Who in the world do you probably irritate the most?|myself
Whats your favourite cancelled TV show & why?|Firefly
People who mentally personify numbers, letters, colors, etc., what are some of their personalities like?|7 is crazy.  7 is a product of her environment.  7 never knows what's really going on around her. Ever.  7 is tired and worn out, and almost done living.
Formerly overweight people, how did you drop the last bit of weight that was the hardest to lose?|To be honest even when you get to your ideal weight you still need to do the same thing as it will go back on a lot faster than it came off. So it never stops. But after losing a lot of weight the last few pounds really do take a long time. So I just stepped up everything I was doing but did it harder and better
Every nation on Earth enters a drinking contest. Who gets to the final five? Who wins?|"ireland or germany wins for sure.
Meanwhile america would be disqualified for drinking brown/yellow water instead of beer."
When you think of a number, is there a color that you automatically pair it with in your mind?|7 is red and 3 is blue. No idea why.
"What was your biggest ""Oh shit I forgot"" moment?"|Can't remember.
What's the worst thing you've seen or known to have happened in an exam hall?|When I was taking a psychology exam in college, a girl got caught with sheets of notes under her tights flush against the tops of her thighs. She was pulling the tights apart to read notes.
What is the worst possible future you could see yourself living? TV Shows like Black Mirror and the advancement in technology has given me a slight case of technophobia, how much advancement is advantageous?|"Altered carbon is pretty fucked up. Minds are on a harddrive type thing called a stack. These stacks can be ""plugged in"" to any body. The rich have exact clones and bio enhancements so they never die. The poor get ""whatever"" body is on hand when they die. For example a seven year old girls mind was placed into a 60+ year old female convicts body. In the scene she met her mother and father, who she was double the age of. Pretty fucked."
What are some interesting topics for a research paper?|Zoofilia
What is your biggest pet peeve?|"People who interrupt. Nothing says ""I never cared what you had to say"" better."
What was a thing you did that you instantly regretted?|"Saying ""I do"""
What is your motivation song?|Machine Head - Imperium.
Hey Reddit, what products are identical to a brand name, just with a different label?|Tissues-Kleenex and puffs.
At what moment did you realise/know you wanted to marry your significant other?|I don't have one.
Europeans of Reddit, how do you feel about the EU?|A net positive.
What piece of clothing have you decided not to wear anymore and why?|My pink mini skirt. Get too many weird looks when my balls are hanging out.
Where did you go for your last vacation and why?|Disney world. We wanted to have fun?
What should we definitely be doing that we don't because it's gross?|Drinking your own piss is meant to be good for you so maybe that
Why do bedbugs like human blood than other mammals?|JOPESTKIL KENYA FUMIGATION & PEST CONTROL
What future event will be shown to future generations as a first for humanity?|A man in a forest with a camera
If you woke up tomorrow as the dictator of your country, what would be the first law you would sign?|Legalize weed!!!!
What’s the weirdest thing you caught a coworker doing but never confronted them about?|Every morning my Japanese coworker walks to the kitchen, opens the microwave, closes it, and goes back to work. No one knows why exactly.
Astronomers of Reddit: how come I never see pictures of Satelites taken from Earth? And is it possible to see Elon Musks Tesla from a ground based telescope?|Why would anyone bother/need to take pictures of satellites? Are you asking for proof of their existence? You can stand in your back yard on a dark night and see them up there.
If someone came from the future how would you want them to prove it?|1. Technology 2. Predict events and show me how they looked it up.
Under what circumstances would you turn down $2-million?|If it meant me losing my Husband or Son.
What are some of your best strange and creepy stories about close encounters?|A 7th grader with Down syndrome tried to rape me in the locker room when I was in 8th grade.
when did the first harry potter movie come out?|Google is your friend.
What's the best ongoing joke in a TV series?|I'd say Jerry being useless on parks and rec.
what kind of girl do you like most to sex with?|Ehhhh a nice one?
man of reddit what was the WTF moment nice girl experience of you?|Do you mean when you think a girl is flirting with you but in fact she is just being nice? i.e, a nice girl
Reddit university students, do you think its better to live in halls or at home when studying?|Depends how crappy the residence halls are really.  The dorms are great for making friends, staying close to school, and getting into the culture of college, but living in a tiny room with another person you hate can be really, really, really bad.
when did the first iphone come out?|Google’s over there, buddy
Former inmates, what are some lessons you learnt in prison?|Cigarettes really are a valuable commodity.
What's been blown way out of proportion?|Most politics.
What's the most out of touch thing you've ever seen?|“It’s just a banana Michael. What could it cost, 10 dollars?”
What's a habit you have that 99% of the time is a mild convenience, but 1% will screw you over?|Being white.
Who keeps changing the break room TV to Fox News?|At least its not CNN
Non-Americans of reddit, how is racism treated in your country?|We do not understand why brown makeup upsets Americans.  To cosplay as a brown skinned character, it is logical. But it provokes so much anger. There is no history of blackface here.
Redditors who study law, what ideas popularized by shows are simply not true/accurate?|That you have to wait for 24 hours or so to report a missing person. total bullshit.
what kind of data does google collect from us for advertising?|EVERYTHING...
What's the biggest fuck up you've seen made by a medical professional?|"My girlfriend in the Army (now wife) was having a number of medical problems, the most serious of which were seizures of gradually increasing severity and duration.  There were a number of spectacular fuckups by the Army docs in regards to their failure to properly identify the problem (""oh its just a stress disorder""), and properly treat it (gave her an anti-seizure medication she was allergic to, nearly killing her); but perhaps the most stupid was their modification to her profile, simply because of how idiotic it was. They decided that her symptoms were too severe for her to participate in regular army physical training (PT), and ordered her to do pool PT instead.  If you can figure out why putting someone prone to seizures in a pool is a bad idea, congratulations, you are smarter than an Army doctor."
Students of Reddit, who's the worst teacher you've had?|ms hersey 6th grade 12 years ago was happy then was sad randomly liked to yell at us for no reason and kept candies and soda under her desk, also perferred girls
People that have had or attended terrible weddings, what happened?|"Wasn't there personally, but the story was that the newlyweds had recently turned to veganism and sworn off alcohol. So their wedding was vegan and alcohol free. The caterers were in no way prepared - the food was bland and unfilling. Basically just some crappy salads. Almost every guest had brought their own alcohol ""just in case"" and hidden it in their accommodations, so the reception quickly devolved into people sneaking out all the time and returning more and more drunk, but still miserable (and hungry)."
Puns usually dont work well in other languages. What are some of your best puns in other languages that don't make sense in english?|Meco En El Sopita
In your own words, what is a meme?|bumper sticker of the internet.
What's the most evil thing you've ever done to a sibling or roommate?|"I really, really hated one of my roommates in college. sometimes when I knew I was spending the night with my boyfriend or going to visit friends who went to a nearby college (we'd get drunk and I'd crash on the couch in their dorm), I'd set my alarm for an obnoxious time like 6 am and ""accidentally"" knock it off my nightstand and under the bed."
What is the most productive thing you’ve done with a snow day?|Shoveled
What are some physical injuries that you’re surprised you recovered from?|100% torn quadricep muscle recovery was probably the worst experience of my life and I was basically prepared to be half crippled forever, but within 1-2 years I had recovered to 99% of my pre-injury state (barring some extra weight I put on between depression and having limited mobility, and the fact that my knee still bothers me on cold/wet days or when I have to sit in a cramped position like on a plane)
how does one deal with having cameras being set up in your workplace and watching your every move?|You do your job.
What are your ways of dealing with loneliness?|Reddit.
What's the scariest or most inexplicable thing that's happened to you in the woods?|Once I stepped in some dog shit.  It smelled.
What are some good books to read on a flight?|Plane Crashes of the 21st Centuary
What would you do if you were a 70 foot giant?|Why would a giant have 70 foots? Aren't 2 big ones good enough?
What are some ways to stop yourself being too clingy in a relationship?|don't form a relationship in the first place
Logan and Jake Paul offer you half of their yearly earnings in exchange for them broadcasting to the world a video of them simultaneously spanking your bare bottom for 5 solid minutes. What would be your decision?|Sure, that's not too bad. I have a decent ass.
How did you propose to your SO?|My SO is in the mirror, so I just used a piece of glass
What do internet strangers you regularly follow do that makes them so important to you that if one day they were to stop posting, you would miss them?|If YouTube counts, they make amazing, funny, and entertaining videos.  If they were to stop, I'd be more than sad.
why are people so against slags in our society?|Because they're so jealous of how hot they are.
What is the coolest high school project you ever had a chance to do?|My science class had a coil gun competition.
when did you sleep last night?|I. Didn't.
What would you like to have a robot do for you?|Form a suit of armor around me, or pleasure me if it's not those two then it better be a fucking appliance or it's the scrap heap.
With Trump refusing to impose sanctions on Russia after an overwhelming vote in favor to do so we are in a full constitutional crisis with more elections and potential election tampering on their way this year. Why is nothing being done by anyone, including the populace protesting in the streets?|"What do you mean by ""nothing being done"". There is an ongoing investigation into the tampering. There are campaigns for upcoming elections, trying to get people to get out and vote more. There are ongoing protests to raise awareness. There are lawsuits being filed against the President for Constitutional violations. Pretty much anything you can do within the law is being done. What are you hoping is done that isn't?"
What murders are you at least 87 percent sure took place but were never investigated?|Where I come from every murder has to be imvestigated.
What do you do to decompress?|listen to the Macarena
You're offered $10,000/mo cash for life if you agree to give 50% of that money to the one person you dislike most in the world for the rest of your life. What will be your decision?|Take it.  Deliver the $5k to them every month in the worst possible way at the worst possible times like dressing up like a clown and  using a tshirt launcher to shoot it at them while they work.
What was the worst case of someone being unable to take a hint?|Hillary Clinton
How do asexuals masturbate?|They don't
"If you could have one ""private"" thing like a private chef, private doctor, or a private jet, what private thing would you want and why?"|A private 18 year old female gymnast
why are most psychologist female?|Because more women choose that study and thus that job
How has your personality evolved over the course of your life?|Pessimistic - Idealist - Optimist - Realist - Cynical - ???
How is success measured in your job?|is the network working? Yes: Cool No: Turn it off and back on.
Dead people of Reddit- How are you holding up?|I need a shower
What crazy stories did your parents tell to stop you from disobeying?|"Our mother told me she could see through walls and always knew when we did something wrong. When we asked her to demonstrate, she told us ""I don't want you to know that I can actually do it."" This was apparently enough for our kid brains because all we said was ""Oh, ok."""
What cryptozoological creature (Loch Ness Monster, Sasquatch, etc.) do you believe in?|Orang Pendek. It's reported to be a bipedal ape with reddish fur living in the rainforests of Sumatra.  Eyewitness reports place it at about three feet tall, with long arms and red hair all over its body, but definitely bipedal. Intriguingly, it's also located not far from the island of Flores, where fossils of small hominids were found in 2003. We know that the environment can support an ape species, as orangutans live elsewhere in the rainforest. So we've got an environment that could support a hominid, recent fossil remains of a small local hominid, and a long history of witness  reports of a small local hominid. If I had to put money on a cryptid, Orang Pendek is my boy.
What are your favorite spices/herbs?|Paprika by far!
if you had to choose one food for rest of your life , what would it be?|double bacon cheeseburger
What are great gifts for Valentine’s Day(Long Distance)?|E card
What’s your favourite prank to do?|I’m a big believer in knocking their foot behind the other when I’m walking behind them trick.
How do you reach your potential?|Pratice+time
What’s the most vivid memory you have of first grade in elementary school?|We were in line to go to the bathroom and this girl puked and I watched her do it and the smell and sight made me throw up then another kid did it and the teacher got so pissed off lmao
Those of you who are still devastated after a breakup, how are you coping?|it'll be one year in April and I still find myself getting really upset about it. To be honest I still feel like the breakup just happened. As much as I try to keep myself distracted, I don't know if it's really helping and I'm very lonely. I hate that I still miss him and care about him even though he no longer feels the same way about me. I just can't let go.
Who is the most hottest and cutest actress in Hollywood?|Jessica Biel when she was young.
What did you do today that made you happy?|Ate a burrito. It was a good burrito.
Which celebrities have blocked you on social media? Why?|Hideki Kamiya, because he literally blocks everyone.
Gamers, what is your favourite OST from any videogame?|Dark Souls 3
"What is your ""also there were ducks"" story?"|When I was about 9, my dad took my brothers and I camping at a campground just north of Chattanooga where we could see the cooling towers of the Nuclear power plant. It was really neat! Also, there were ducks. Lots of ducks. We brought bread and fed them a lot.
What's the closest you've come to accidentally killing someone you know?|Near-miss car accidents, surely.
What is one thing you wish you could eliminate from this world?|Religion
What's your dream car and why?|a lamborghini veneno in which i'd probably kill myself in
Whats the most overused askreddit question?|"""Where do I hide a body?"""
What is easy to learn, but hard to master?|Guitar. The basics like reading tabs, frets/power chords, and learning to move your fingers quickly are relatively easy to learn. But it takes a ton of practice and devotion to be as good as Slash or Jimmy Page.
What are some good methods to counter depression?|Excersize has proven results
What annoys you about Watches? What would you love in a watch?|Square analogue watches at trash. Just looks silly any time they have to point to a corner. Also, just use fucking numbers. Don't have a bunch of roman numerals, or worse, blank spaces with nothing but lines to indicate where the numbers *should* be.
Redditors who type the word ‘loose’ instead of lose, Why?|"Slightly off topic, but I have a buddy who always adds an extra ""o"" onto to. So, he has too go too the store. No idea why he does it. I know numerous people have tried correcting him, but he basically tells them to fuck off. It's still annoying as fuck though"
Which subreddit has the most insufferable (or surprisingly enlightened) armchair experts?|askreddit
What would be the worst song to play at a funeral?|So i put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
Using a turn signal when you are in a turn only lane, yes or not necessary?|Just always use it, it's not like it takes extra effort
What is way too overrated in your opinion?|YouTubers
You can acquire any one quality that ordinary people around the world already have. What do you choose?|A love of vegetables.
What is the female equivalent of men leaving the toilet seat up?|females leaving the toilet seat down
If you could choose any celebrity to be your dad, who would you choose?|Elon Musk
If someone was worried about being too healthy, what junk foods and poor lifestyle habits would you recommend to them?|Mountain Dew
Reddit, what's your phobia and how did you get it?|I have an indescribable disgust and fear of bees because when I was like 4 somebody had fear factor on the tv and I watched a guy try to eat a bucket of live bees. Most disgusting shit I've ever seen
What is the most “Are you high?” thing that you’ve done without being high?|I shoved a knife into an outlet once
What movie quote never fails to make you laugh?|It's not a man-purse. It's called a satchel. Indiana Jones wears one.
Reddit, what is your favorite cooked meal you can make in 20 minutes or less?|Nothing that's prepared in under 20 minutes is worthy of praise.
What's your least favourite irrational constant?|Mine is e.
What can you cook?|all kind of food
Why is capitalism preferable over socialism?|It's a safe system though it has many flaws.
What's the worst advice you've ever received?|Was on the urgent list for an inguinal hernia operation. The pain was so bad it kept me off work but I just had to wait a bit longer and it would have been sorted. My boss told me to ring up the hospital and tell them I was contemplating suicide because the pain was so bad. It was at that moment I knew he was a fucking spastic.
How come eating right before sleeping causes you to be hungrier when you wake up compared to not eating?|This might be more one for /r/askscience ???
What bumper stickers have you seen that actually made you laugh?|Fuck Your Honor Roll Student
Those who were toxic gamers, Have you changed?|No you cunt
What was the stupidest question you asked to your teacher?|“Hey, Obama’s last name again?” It took far too long to live it down
What flavor of Oreo do you want to see?|Creme Brulée
What are the best android mobile games?|Soul Knight, it is an amazing game for free.   Highly recommend getting it!
What is the most ridiculous thing you believed in when you were a child ?|Dogs were boys, cats were girls. No idea where I picked it up from either.
If soda water is only carbonated water, why does it taste different then normal water even after it loses its carbonation?|maybe one for r/askscience?
What's your favorite side dish to a meal?|dat ass
What is your favorite joke to tell that never fails to make people smile/laugh?|What did sushi A say to sushi B? Wassaa B
What things are best to have before you need them?|jumper cables
What TV show did you watch at a young age that shaped your taste in TV as you got older?|Star Trek TNG
"How do you ""forgive and forget"" someone that's wronged you?"|I tend to not do the forgiving, but just forget that person exists.
What’s in your stash spot?|Nice try, DEA.
What happened that time you bit off more than you could chew?|I had to chew very carefully so I didn't choke.
What is the thing you'd like in europe?|Is it true that French babes don't shave their pits?
How do you feel about the two-party nature of American politics?|It's corrosive, divisive, and dangerous. Most of the dysfunction and decay in the US can be traced to the two-party system in American politics.
Those who shave their head. Do you still have to use shampoo or conditioner? And why do you shave your head?|I use body wash.  After shaving, I use moisturizer.  I do it because my hair is thinning out and getting patchy.  At some point, it's better to accept the inevitable.
So... what are your plans for today?|My day is over here in India. I just had dinner and going to pluck my guitar strings.
If you had the opportunity to clone yourself, would you, and why/why not?|No because I think the universe would explode if there were too of someone this awesome walking around or whatever.
If Kirby sucked you up, what super powers would he gain?|IBS
How did you handle being demoted at work?|What happened OP? I’d probably quit or whatever.
Deaf people of reddit, how do you know how things are spelled if you can't hear how words are pronounced?|Come again?
What’s a quirky irrational fear you have?|Throwing up, especially other people throwing up. And also getting my fingers chopped off by a car window rolling/going up.
What would you do if you won a million dollars in the lottery right now?|Wouldn't be commenting on this post I'll tell you that.
Interstate drivers of Reddit that can’t maintain a constant speed and decide to stay driving in the left lane, on average, how many times were you dropped on your head as babies?|Ill take a guess for them and say too many
Janitors of Reddit, what's the worst mess you've ever seen?|The near irreparable damage Trump and the GOP have done to this country
If you were born deaf or blind, which one would you choose and why?|Deaf.  Life would be a lot harder without sight
Which video game do you love despite being far from perfect?|Fortnite
Psychics, what was the last thing I ate?|...that's *disgusting*. How can you live with yourself??
Pet owners of reddit, how did your pet get/earn its name?|My cat's name is Fuzz-Butt. Hint... His butt is not smooth.
Why do we tend to go back to what hurts?|We like what's familiar to us.
How did your dad embarass you in front of all your friends?|Which one?  Bio dad, dad, or dadvos?
What is the best way to ask for a raise at a company that has been constantly increasing your workload and responsibilities?|Just state how you've taken on more responsibility and work and have continued to execute each task and think you deserve a raise.
You've been given a one-way ticket anywhere else in the world and must live in the destination you choose. Where do you go?|Texas (USA)
As we near the possibility of manned missions to mars what should the first words be?|"Anything other than ""let me take a selfie"" will do"
What are some Codes at your job, and what do they mean?|"""Chelsea is being a massive cunt"" it means Chelsea is being a massive cunt"
If you could go to either Universal or Disney's Animal Kingdom for a day, which would you choose?|Universal. Disney’s Animal Kingdom is more of a half day experience.
What was the strangest thing you found in someone else’s refrigerator?|My uncle puts peanut butter in the fridge
What do you act proud of but secretly regret?|I had to shoot at a woman in the sandbox from killing three ANA.  “Good call, guy.” “Nice shot, you saved lives” “Thank you for your service” They don’t tell you that women and children who live in a world of extremism have to be hurt
You see a man crying on the metro/subway/underground, why is he crying? And what happens next?|he probably dropped his ice cream :(
What was your biggest disappointment and what did you learn from it?|My first blow job. But I guess she just *sucked* at it.. g-get it?
If you could make changes to the education system, what you would do and why?|can we just burn it all down and start over? please
Redditors in Retail: What's the most expensive thing you've ever sold?|I work in a popular electronics and home appliance store (thoroughly enjoy it and the people I work with, would recommend/10) $10k AUD 85” Sony Bravia LED/LCD with $1400 amp, $6k worth of Dali speakers + extended warranties on most (told them not to bother on the sub, the tech is pretty straightforward a very small amount can go wrong and usually appears early on) plus some white goods, vacuums, new iMac and some software, was around the $23k mark in the end, the dude was a champ, easy to chat too, spent maybe an hour and a half with him all up because we just kept talking about stuff not even related to the sale. Ended up shedding a few hundred off some of the stuff for him but otherwise he didn’t ask for my “best price” or anything else and was really friendly and respected my answers to his questions and talked out with me how he’d heard XYZ about the speakers and I gave him my side/rebuttal and he was happy to take my advice as to why they might not be as good as say KEF speakers but are much better value for money for the type/frequency of use he was getting them for. Was a great day all round really.
What would your last words be?|Ow fuck
Besides being too tired for it, what are other good reasons for not making love?|As a dude I was so shocked when I was too tired to do it with the gf. Happened more than once too lol. Shit's a lot of work if you try to make it good for your partner.
What are some great YouTube channels to expand your knowledge?|Vsauce
Whats the one nightmare that still sticks with you?|Waking up and thinking that I have a final coming up or realizing I've been skipping class all semester. I graduated several years ago.
Whats your idea of a perfect day?|Reading in the sunshine by the lake. Maybe my toes in the water
What's your favorite time of day?|Bedtime
If you had your own private space company, what would you send to space?|A second, smaller space company.
What celebrity is most likely to fade into obscurity?|Cash Me Ousside Girl
What do you think the legal issues you’re facing if Jehova’s Witness won’t leave your property then you spray them with a garden hose?|If you're in the US, i wouldn't expect many legal issues.
You have a button which when pressed, gives you five extra minutes in any moment you want. Only catch is, you can only press it five times. What do you use it for?|I'll press that fucker 5 times in a row before I have to get up for work.
What is the most shocking photo you have ever seen?|"goatse.cx
oh and blue waffles"
What's something someone does on purpose just to annoy you?|What?
Where is the best place to hide the body?|Send it to somewhere via Yodel. It'll never be seen again.
What are your plans for Valentine's day?|Beautiful restaurant with a view of the city, drive to cliffside and look at the stars, have sex in the back of my car.
What was Hip-Hop like before 9/11 and after 9/11?|Kinda the same until like 2004ish
Redditors, what are your best studying tips?|Listen to metal, thats what I always do while I'm studying.   Sometimes I pause for a minute to break into an epic headbang and it helps relieve the stress.
What's the best subreddits to binge?|r/ShittyLifeProTips
What are some of your worst travel experiences?|I spent too much traveling parts of Western Europe. I was in dang, France, Germany, Poland and the United Kingdom. That was a really awful true for me because those logos were so insufferable towards me because I was an American.
What is the coolest thing you’ve ever done that no one would believe actually happened?|I felt a girls boob once. It was like a bag of sand.
How did you find your goal/ambition in life ?|Started working. Goal is to retire
Flatearthers, with the latest footage from the falcon, how do you feel about your theory?|Obvious black magic
What is the best way to covertly kill a tree?|Holes at the base + motor oil in those holes = dead tree.
How far could we advance in science if ethics were not a question?|To the end.
Are the US states considered autonomous, why or why not?|Yes because they're represented by state congress and a governor. Only caveat is the states are part of a larger federal system to keep them on the same page
Snapchatters of Reddit, what is the weirdest / funniest / strangest thing you've ever seen on a SnapStory?|"Strangest: Some ship flying through the air that friend caught on snap.
Weirdest: Some kid suck a dildo really passionately
Funniest: My friend stuffing himself into a locker then popping out from the sheer crampness"
"What songs make up your ""angry"" Playlist?"|A little piece of heaven by avenged sevenfold always gets the steam off
What was something a teacher did to you, for which you are still bitter?|My biology teacher didn't like me, because I was very critical of the things he said. Once, I got a 5 for an exam (scale 1 to 10). It was the only official exam I got that year and it would cause me to have to redo that schoolyear for all courses. I found in the school rulebook though, that the grade you get for a year has to be based on at least 2 exams. Took it to the schoolboard and my grade was dismissed. I could go to the next year. In your face bio-teacher. Called you out on your dung officially this time.
What do you find beautiful, such as people, places, things and/or ideas?|triple bacon cheeseburgers
What was your most recent trip?|to the toilet
People who travelled to India, how was the experience?|The communist state was the best place, honestly.
What would your CocaCola slogan be?|"""Oh you don't want your foot? This is the beverage for you!"""
People with incredible self-discipline, how do you do it?|They are not here....
What was your most embarrassing mess-up on social media?|I didn't do it but I had a friend who accidentally posted a dick pic to his snapchat story instead of sending to the person he meant to.
Single Redditors, How Has the Dating Game Been Treating You Lately?|Not really treating me to much. I'm 20 and the only girls who show interest in me are my sister's 16 year old friends 😒
What useful lessons have you learnt from a kid?|If you show up early you will never be late.
"What's the most stereotypically ""dad"" thing that you dad has done?"|"Me ""Whats for dinner?"" Dad ""Food..."""
Reddit, what story or historical event are you surprised hasn't been made into a movie yet?|Brown v Topeka Board of education
What are some weird food combos that sound gross but are actually delicious?|tortilla, peanut butter, fruity pebbles. BEFORE YOU SAY EWW FUCKEN TRY IT!
What cartoon shows do you still wish aired today?|Fuckin ed edd n eddy man, I don't even want new episodes I just wanna see it on tv again
What are the craziest alternatives to medicine that actually work?|Me and my mom swear by this. Aloe Vera tea. It helps reduce inflammation of your body. When I was little I had horrible asthma, the medicine doctors gave me would work but then as soon as you stopped the coughing and wheezing would come back. My mom began buying aloe Vera leaves. Cutting them open and taking the insides out and boiling it then adding honey and cinnamon to it which are also anti inflammatory. Within two weeks my asthma started dying down and before i knew it I stopped having asthma attacks and coughing fits. My daughters also been having a rough winter this year and coughing. I began making her the same tea and noticed her coughing is getting better.
What’s the most creative/unexpected under cover cop vehicle you’ve seen?|There was a gif of a car challenging a Dodge Challenger to a street race by revving the engine or something and as the car sped up to race the Challenger flicked on police lights and pulled them over
What is the dumbest thing someone has told you about your job because of a TV show based on it?|I work in analytics and programming so people think we get into hacker fights using fast typing and lightning reflexes. We don't.  We start processes then go get coffee as the SQL runs.
Desktop users of Reddit, what are mobile only users missing out on?|Being able to type on an actual keyboard rather than a touch screen one that constantly auto corrects in idiotic ways.
Why is loneliness so high when technology is as connected as ever?|Because we use technology to isolate ourselves. One might think social media brings us together. However, I think people mainly use social media to present themselves to the public, more than to interact with others. But hey that's just one man's opinion.
What is your favorite GIF?|https://i.imgur.com/X9G7ghH.gifv
What happens when we become too sarcastic?|We become toxic
When millineals are middle aged and their kids go back and read what was popular on reddit back in the day what will seem really dated and embarrassing instead of cool?|**Muh made up gender pronouns**
What’s the worst thing you ever said to a customer? Did you lose your job over it?|My last week as a cashier I tossed change at a few deserving customers. Every customer who chucked their ten or twenty on the counter, ignoring my outstretched hand, would get their coins delivered in the same way. Once this ended with a few of the coins rolling on to the floor. Not one of the maybe 7 people I did this to said a word about it, either. *They knew.*
What is your biggest secret that would have a negative outcome if leaked?|I shat myself once. I had a short drive home and thought I could hold it in. Made it through the bathroom doors, but not before taking off my pants. It sucked.
Air traffic controllers of Reddit, what was your most stressful experience on the job?|Well my daughter had just died of an overdose. There were these two planes headed toward each-other, but I was so stressed from her passing that I couldn't figure it out in time. Then a teddy bears eye fell from the sky.
Why do we consider the tomato as a vegetable, even though it can be eaten raw, like a fruit?|"It's used in a similar fashion to most vegetables in cooking so that's why we consider it a ""vegetable"" despite the fact it's a fruit."
People who use Apple's wireless earbuds, are they better?|Overpriced, like every Apple product.
What is the worst fruit in the planet?|Durian
What was the most generous gift you have received from a stranger/online?|One of my comments got gold once. So that was nice.
If instead of using actual names for colors and we had to call colors by something of that color, what would be the best names?|Her sky eyes and blood lips against her snow skin looked beautiful framed as they were by her shit hair.
What’s the best gift/surprise you’ve received for Valentine’s Day, and what made it so special?|My husband dropped me off a burger at work a few years back. Made my day! All girls love the flowers and candy and jewelry and cards and blah blah blah... but some days a girl just needs a surprise burger. It wasn't even a big expensive burger, he was just going through a drive thru, thought of me and grabbed an extra. Dropped it off at my work along with a kiss. Made my flippin day.
You haven't lived until you've done what?|Been born.
Which name from the past 30 years do you think will be remembered in History and why?|Trump - I'm sure Trumped will be a verb for messing something up
"What's your ""I'm going to hell for this one"" story?"|My birth
What is your favorite car color?|Black all the way...
What do you need to become a game tester?|Programming knowledge is a good start.
What is your most embarrassing/awkward moment when you’re doing a presentation?|Either i jumble up my words or stare at the audience awkwardly and make them uncomfortable.
What are some fake facts that sound pretty real?|nice try, Jacksfilms
I was speaking to my buddy today who is left handed but it turns out wipes his ass with his right. To a righty the idea of trying that with my left is abhorrent. Lefties of Reddit - what do you still always use your right hand for over your dominant hand?|Most lefties use computers right handed because left handed mice are less common.
What are a few of your favorite things?|"Raindrops on roses 
And whiskers on kittens 
Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens 
Brown paper packages tied up with strings 
These are a few of my favorite things"
What's the best way to save money if you don't make much and constantly living paycheck to paycheck?|I’d like to know also.
What would you send to mars?|A model of mars
People who are rude and nasty on the Internet, why do you do it?|I am only rude when I want to tell the truth about something. The truth hurts. I do it online because it may be the only way to do it and because it's easier to tell the truth online rather than being a dick in real life. It also relieving to be truthful after having to act so fake on the outside.
What flavor of ice cream would you choose to be the 4th Neapolitan flavor?|Mint
What is the funniest magazine subscription you could randomly send someone?|Cosmopolitan
What's a moment where you didn't realize you fucked up big time until after?|HAPPY CAKE DAY OP!
If you had to feel your very last sensation you have before you die for all eternity afterwords, how would you want to (or not want to) die?|An eternal orgasm sounds pretty nice
What makes you fell stressed?|Money
What casual everyday action could you mess up that would result in your death?|Driving
What is the one smell that you just can not handle?|Bad vagina
How did you make your time fly faster while being in a hospital?|Just keep pressing the morphine drip...
How would you like to die?|Quietly surrounded by family when I'm pretty old
Do you think parents are obligated to pay for their children’s college? Why or why not?|No, but they should have some sort of plan in place to have their children work and save for college if they want to go.
What was your biggest blessing in disguise?|"My father leaving us when I was 6. 
It generated my never-ending ambition to improve always in all ways."
What question do you not mind being reposted on r/askreddit basically once a week?|What's a secret that could ruin your life
If you had a chance for a “do-over” in life, what would you do differently?|Not much. My mistakes lead me to where I’m at and as cheesy as it sounds I would hate if I knew I would never have the same experiences as I have so far in life
What are the best incel parody subs?|A cosplay convention.
Who’s still sticking to their New Years resolution? What is it?|resolution was to replace my daily coffee/candy break with coffee and a piece of fruit instead. still going strong.
Which Picture you want on the wall of your house?|I’m a huge fan of movie posters, whether promotional, fan made or otherwise,I still live with my parents but i have a collection of about 20 posters framed and ready for when I do get my own place. I also collect comics so I frame some of the cooler covers and hang them up.
If you were a TV news reporter what would be your top story today?|Breaking news: it is foggy outside and I can’t see
What are the best fruits to eat for weight loss?|Lemons
How do you make someone feel comfortable around you?|Typically, by not murdering them.
What is your biggest challenge when it comes to travel?|"If I fly, on landing I almost always get these brutal ""am-I-dying?"" headaches.  I've found ways to help limit them, but it still means I only fly when I absolutely positively must."
Redditors, how do you organize your trouser pockets and why?|Keys back pocket, tobacco other back pocket, cash/cards front left. OCD.
Who was the most insufferable asshole that you have ever run into in a multiplayer game?|A guy called Shiva on uncharted 2, obnoxious brummie prick
What was the worst movie you have ever seen?|Worst movie I ever actually sat all the way through was Queen of the Damned.
Office workers of Reddit, what are some useful items to have at your desk that arent usually thought of?|Lasagna
Without reference to matters sexual, what's the best thing you've sat on?|Beanbag chair.
What are you procrastinating on right now?|Moving forward with my life after a recent suicide attempt.
How long is your commute to work?|I don't work
Why did you do it?|I was bored
Who's the most famous/infamous/notorious person you've hooked up with?|your mum
How do you learn English?|By using it.
If you designed and built a tree house, what would it look like and what would be in it?|I know one thing for sure, it would have to have an emergency shoot/slide/pole that went down the truck to some sort of getaway wheels.
All of the U.S. states have declared their independence and are now going to war over land and resources. How does your home state fare?|California: lots of people and land but also a drought.
What would you name your children and/or pets?|I would name my first son after myself
Every person can add 1 song to a playlist that is played all across the world, what song would you add?|Seven Symphonies by Jean Sibelius
For how long do you guys know your best friend?|I know mine for 18 years,since we both were 3years old,and still going strong
Elon Musk just invited you to join the first human flight crew to go to Mars. You can take one personal item that weighs under 10 lbs, is not alive, and can fit into a standard backpack. What do you take?|A good quality knife
What does it mean to find two white, maybe light blonde, strains in your hair with age 20?|It means the start of it, my friend!  Welcome to the grey club :-)
What ice cream flavor are you repping?|All about that mint chocolate chip baby!!!!!!!!!!!!
Whats the song that no matter who is there, everyone can't help but sing along to?|So i put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
What’s a dealbreaker when you step foot in a restaurant? What would make you turn around and leave?|The smell
What’s your favourite Lady Gaga song?|Million Reasons!
Redditors, what is your town or city's dark secret?|There's not many secrets here other than it's a haunted town because it's a very old town dated back to the Romans. There are many haunted places.
Who is the unluckiest son of a bitch you ever came across?|That neighbour of mine who had a stroke, followed by his wife and kids leaving him, followed by him dying in a fire in his apartment that almost destroyed the whole building. ...and unfortunately, yes, this really happened.
What do you plan to do with your tax return this year?|2 chicks at the same time.
If you were the astronaut driving the SpaceX car, what songs would be on your playlist?|Rocket man
What is a good way to really annoy people who suck at parking or do so in places where they disturb other drivers/people?|Most of these require planning ahead and are probably illegal but they're good ones: If they have a loose license plate bend it in half so that it's no longer readable. It will guarantee they get pulled over at some point Put a wedge behind one of their tires  If they're the kind of asshole who parks sideways or crooked so no one parks near them but doesn't do it far out in the lot where no one parks you can park as close to them as possible If they have a political bumper sticker, put another one next to it promoting the opposite view If they didn't lock their doors open them all and leave them wide open
Reddit, what do you secretly do to make someone else's day?|I give them mad upvotes
What is something that you know shouldn't get you mad, but does anyway?|"when people are too stupid to know how to use a/an correctly. Like seriously, im trying to read shit and these people just destroy the entire flow of the fucking sentance. And its even worst when they try to defend it! True story of ""Kid"" and myslef: Kid: ""(Placeholder cuz i dont remember his sentance) a M60"" Myself: ""an* M60"" Kid: ""M is a consenant dumbass..."" Myself: ""it starts with a vowel sound, so therefore ""an"" is proper"" Kid: ""WHAT THE FUCK IS A VOWEL SOUND?!"""
What's the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?|Someone like a complete stranger? I was a teenager when this happened and was driving on the freeway. My tire blew out and I pulled over on the side of the freeway. I have no idea what to do next besides freak out, I couldn't reach my parents because they were both busy at work. Someone pulled over and changed my tire for me, even showing me the steps as they did so. I was able to drive to the nearest Discount Tires to get a new one. Thank you, Kind Stranger!
What's the worst food you've ever tasted?|Maple chicken made by my vegetarian step mom.
Has anyone tried pituitarygland meditation for height increase? Is it really effective when you’re 25+?|Yes and no
What would be a funny replacement for cat litter?|Newspaper comics.
Parents, What Have Your Kids Learned In School That Has Blown You Away?|My mom used to say that she learned all sorts of things from me when I was in school, since most adults kind of get left behind as education marches on. Once I told her that not all bacteria are bad and she said (jokingly), “What are these lies they’re teaching you?” So parents of Reddit, what have your kids learned in school that has blown you away?
"What's your best ""this one time, at band camp"" story?"|This one time at band camp I was a freshman and provided lookout for the upperclassmen while they partied. I was paid with a bottle of grape soda and tequila
"What does it mean to be ""Woke""?"|Aware on a level beyond human comprehension.
How can superhero movie finales improve?|Have actually loss/threats.
"What's your ""rags to riches"" or ""riches to rags"" story?"|I just lost a wallet with $800 dollars in it a few days ago, about 2/3 of my savings
What would you do for a klondike bar?|Buy one.
If you had to fit $2.00 in your nose using only coins, what denominations, or combination of, would you use?|Ask a toddler. They are experts at this sort of thing!
American redditors, did internet censorship happen? How’s it playing out for you?|Let's see. #Cunt. Nope. Still good.
What is the best way to handle and prep pets in the case of an emergency? What are your experiences in these scenarios?|"I saw a thread about pet birds refusing to obey during earthquakes so I was wondering, for any pet owners (cat, dogs, what have you) what’s the best way you can prep before hand or handle emergency situations where you need to attempt to control the animal to get them to safety? Any kind of emergency like fire, tornados, etc.? What are your experiences? 
I live in a place where the worst we get is snowstorms which my animals have never been bothered by haha."
Where is the most expensive fruit in world?|World's Most Expensive Fruit in Tokyo Japan
What is something under appreciated nowadays?|Reddit
What's your Bigfoot (or other strange creature) experience?|Nothing compares to the Chupacabra!
What movie can you watch over and over and never get tired of?|Big lebowski
Home Buyers if Reddit - What is the strangest thing you saw when touring potential homes?|Not saw but smelled... Most of the homes were empty but the smell remains. Cat piss was a pretty popular scent.  On a bit of a side note when we first moved into our current home we found a bunch of meth pipes on a high closet shelf...
Do you feel like you work better under pressure? Why?|naw, i just get shit done as it comes to me.
What thing did you do that made somebody gag/throw up?|Puked in my mouth and swallowed it back down, my flatmate saw me do it and just erupted, puke everywhere.
What are some sarcastic one liners?|I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
You have to fight the last rapper you've listened to, who is it?|Kendrick
What do Australians say when they are really drunk?|Probably some form of “cunt”.
What are some best ways to sneak in food at theatres?|Openly.  Outside food ban is a myth.
What are fun but inexpensive Valentine's Day gifts or activities?|Make a book of 'coupons' with things like: a massage, a meal out, a hair wash, movie night of your choice
Curious what are flat earth believers thinking about the falcon heavy launch?|its faaaaaaaake.   what else would they be thinking?
What's the worst thing you've ever witnessed?|Man utd fans
Whats your favorite song at the moment?|This is ground control to major Tom.....
How many of u still download mp3 s of songs?|I do.  One day I won’t be able to afford Spotify Premium, and I gotta have my RJD2
Everyone of reddit, to what extent?|U fukkin wot m8
How can we make Reddit a better place?|By permanently banning me
Which is your favorite fantasy and mythological movie?|The correct answer is always Lord of the Rings. It's the standard by which all others are measured.
What is your favorite and least-favorite microwave popcorn brand?|Boy Scouts' door-to-door fundraising popcorn fulfills both favorite and least favorite.
What sort of shenanigans would you cause if you had the Magic Pencil from Spongebob?|Draw My Life.
Whats the scariest encounter you've had with a wild animal?|I was feeding a squirrel some bread. It bit my finger and we both ran away from each other.
Redditors who are usually not bothered by typos and grammatical errors, which grammar and spelling mistakes get on your nerves?|"When people say would/ could/ should ""of"" instead of ""have"""
How does one relocate to a different state?|Walking or driving usually works, if its far away you can fly.
How do you try and hide your anxieties?|:D
When was the last time you were angry? What happened?|Today. I was wearing a blazer
Dead people of reddit, how scary is farting in public?|Flatulence in the year of my death was considered most ungentlemanly. I recommend you see a doctor of physique and begin a regimen of laudanum and willow bark extract to soothe the bowels and refine your mannerisms.
Flat-earthers of Reddit. After watching SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy launch, what is your argument for debunking it after seeing a spherical earth live?|Don't give stupid people a podium, it's the attention they crave.  Flat-earthers wouldn't even exist if social media stopped pandering to them.
Gamers of Reddit, who is the best side character in a video game?|Clank. At least from the first games.
Alcoholics of Reddit: When did you consider yourself an alcoholic?|When I started having a drink before noon every day.
Men of Reddit who pee directly into the water in a urinal, why?|Makes a fabulous sound
What percent of the internet do you think you have discovered and what was your best discovery?|.1% there's a lot more on here than you think
When you work from home, what non-work related things do you do?|Usually run the laundry.  Only takes 10 minutes every 45 minutes or so.
What do you regret more than anything else in life?|Having depression
What are “facts” commonly taught during elementary school that are totally false?|That Christopher Columbus discovered America.
What was your first job and how did you get it?|Bagged at a grocery store, I applied.
You are in charge of making insects a popular food item. You have 1 billion US dollars to achieve your goal. How do you do it?|Create protein powder and sell them to bros and every gym that will take it. Insects are loaded with proteins and I’m sure it wouldn’t be hard to flavour.
Which is the best watch to wear?|Preferably one that tells the time
Cashiers of reddit, what’s the weirdest/strangest group of things you’ve ever seen someone buy?|Im not a cashier but i once saw a guy with like twenty 2 liter coke bottles
What's controversial yet people should talk more about it?|Stem cell tech.
What AskReddit question should be retired?|People from _____ who have visited _____, what little differences did you notice?
Redditors who have been at your job for at least 10 years, what is something you still don't know how to do, but now too afraid to ask?|Where is the restroom?
Lecturers of Reddit, what was the worst essay you’ve read submitted for your module, and what was so bad about it?|"No capital letters, no full stops, just the occasional comma. Each sentence ended up being a third of a page long. For 2,500 words. 
There was alcohol consumed after that one."
30+ year old women: What does a 20 year old have to do to make out with you?|I'm 37 and there is nothing on God's green earth that would entice me to make-out with a 20 year old.  We're worlds apart mentally, it would feel like taking advantage of a youngster!
What do you personally do that instructions explicitly tell you not to do?|Clean my ears with Q-Tips.
People who moved states/countries without a job lined up, how did it work out?|I saved enough money to pay for rent and food for 6 months. During the 6 months I found a good job, so it worked out well for me.
What would you never stand in line for hours to wait for?|Starbucks coffee when there’s perfectly good (and cheaper) coffee across the street
Reddit, who is the most hated person in your workplace and why?|That guy. He uses toilet and never flushes. He is always too loud.
Women of Reddit, what do you really want on Valentine's Day?|Someone please say me
Who is the stupidest person you've seen on reddit?|Oh, honey...
Why do we wear ties?|They are great for choking people who wear them.
How did your parents punish you? Was it the right way?|I was making bad grades in school so they made me take the bus instead of letting me drive to school. I lived FAAAR away from the school so it took me at least an hour each day. In the end it made me have less time for homework, and I'm pretty sure my mom only made me do that because she wanted to be able to have the car during the day.
What is the Nickelback of movies?|pick a post-2010 Adam Sandler movie...nobody likes them; but somehow they make money and stay in the public consciousness
What's the best subreddit to search by controversial?|Probably not the spiciest, but any sports subreddit will always have some haters in every thread.
Who are you and why are you here?|ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ
What was your biggest cooking mistake?|actually cooking
What age did you stop giving a f?|Probably around 28 for me.
If you were a supervillain, what would your power be?|I'm a simple man ill have superman's powers
Blondes of reddit, are you really stupid? How do you feel about the meme?|I used to be blonde when I was a kid and yes I was really stupid more stupid then the average kid and I find this meme funny because I’m no longer blonde lol
What are some things that science can't explain?|What started *it all*
"When's the last time you thought ""This is the best day ever""?"|Probably a few weeks ago me and my friends all had off work on the same day and just played PUBG all day, we even won a couple games.
Pornstars, how is your job compared to most other jobs? Ie. Is it possible to get a retirement plan?|If I suck 370 more dicks, fit 200 silicon horse cocks inside me, and have one amputee fist me, my 401k will be good too go.
What is the last picture you took with your phone?|A selfie
What are some crazy and interesting things Elon Musk has done?|All the things.
Bumper Sticker users: Why do you put your choice stickers on your car?|"what is 
>your choice stickers"
"Married people of Reddit, what ""little things"" you do work in your marriage life?"|Never buy her flowers on the expected event days, like birthdays or valentines. Only on random out-of-the-blue days.
Reddit, How are you feeling today?|Chill... At home with my daughter watching the snow come down 😁
If you could launch one item of yours into space, what would it be and why?|My debt record :)
People who drive with earbuds in, why?|Isn't that illegal?
Which (if not all) politically correct terms are more condescending than their commonly used counterparts?|'Economically anxious Trump voters' vs 'racist white trash'.
People who actually live in highly populated areas, what is the most unsettling/creepy story you have?|It's not really creepy, but I'll never forget the first time I saw a rat in an ally. Absolutely terrified me.
What do people eat in the UK that they generally don't in the USA?|Marmite
If you could switch bodies with one person for a day, whom would you choose?|Danny Devito
Single people of reddit. What have you got planned for Valentines day?|Uhhh, i dont, but otherwise saving up enough money for the day after because candy
"They say ""but in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.” What other things are 100% certain?"|When a smoke detector starts beeping due to low battery, it will happen between the hours of 2 and 3 am. Never during non-sleeping hours.
Where do you discover new music?|youtube
If you had 1 minute to explain any concept to your pet, and they would understand, what would you tell them?|The english language.
If you could suddenly become BFF’s with a celebrity, who and why?|The Rock, because I think he's just an all around amazing guy and he could probably be the one to finally motivate me to work out.
What's the biggest lie on your CV?|the embellishment of my responsibilities assigned at previous internships. Makes me sound way more important than I actually was. I was a glorified assistant but had a good title.
People who ate someone else's lunch at work. Why did you do it, and what made you think it was OK?|I won't eat their lunch again
What's a sign you're not gonna like your new job?|I have to work.
Redditors who have had to use safe words during sex, what is your story?|Used Red, Yellow, Green system.   Basically when having interesting sex, if Red was said it was a full stop.  If yellow was said, it meant keep going but slow down the intensity.   Green meant I was being a pussy and should go harder. Having a more elaborate system helped due to the strength and size differences.
After being a little over one month into the New Year, what New Years resolutions are still going strong for you?|Not completing my other resolutions and instead playing video games into the depths of the night.
Former and current hitchhikers, what is the strangest thing you have expirienced in a strangers car?|Being driven into Chicago by a bloke wearing a metal pyramid on his head to focus his brainwaves. Being driven the length of Germany at speeds in excess of 120mph, by a man who never spoke.
What/where is the most impressive situation or place you have fallen asleep?|Bandroom in the 5th grade. It impressive because all the little shits playing their trumpets and clarinets suck ass at that level. I also did it multiple times.
Obama voters, what are some things Obama did that you liked?|appointed 2 justices to the Supreme Court who voted in favor of legalized gay marriage, and against Citizen's United.
Non-Americans of Reddit, How do you feel about the US borrowing 1 trillion dollars this year, and how do you feel about the military parade?|Am American. Where did we borrow $1 trillion from and what military parade?
What is Reddit to you?|The best and the worst of the internet.
9-5ers of Reddit, What would you do with all of your time if you never had to work again but kept your same salary?|Same thing I'll do when I retire - find a part time job doing something that interests me.
Who is the most mysterious person you've met?|Mysterion.
How do you stave off the ever impending darkness seeking to wrap you in its cold embrace and draw you into empty nothingness?|"weed 
/r/trees"
People who pretend to be women in social media, what's the weirdest thing that happened while you were doing so?|An indian man wanted to see bobs and veget.
"Couples who have ""pet names"" for each other; how did they come about and do you like being called that?"|I call her the dream killer
What’s the dumbest argument you’ve ever heard someone make in a courtroom?|Rick Allen vs state of Georgia
What is the most usefull thing you have learned from Reddit?|"How to spell ""useful"""
what is something that is now purely aesthetic, but used to be functionally important?|Watches
What is the weirdest thing your pets have done while you're having intercourse with your S.O.?|They made breakfast
What type of thoughts keep you awake at night?|What the fuck am I doing with  my life?
What is the dumbest point that someone has brought up in an argument/debate to back up their belief?|Looking at the flat earthers trying to explain SpaceX latest flight...I’m legitimately concerned about the status of humanity with so many delusional idiots around
What is a good Bluetooth Blood Pressure Monitor?|I want a BP monitor that I can wear throughout the day to automatically check my blood pressure at certain intervals and push the data to my iPhone. Any suggestions?
What's the darndest thing a kid ever told you?|my niece said i was cute i was like “darn”
What's your favorite Friends quote?|When Chandler yells, “eat my ass everybody!” And then Monica gets the Herp and is like, “Well, I would but you might get THE HERP!” *canned laughter* Then everybody laughs and I hate Ross. Man, what a great episode.
What's your favorite way of cooking chicken?|Any method that gives me delicious chicken.
Parents of reddit, what is meanest thing your child has done to you?|Redditors stopped having children in 2017
What are you pissed off about today?|I feel like shit
Flat-Earthers of reddit, how do you explain the pictures of Earth from Space-X heavy's recent launch?|I don't have enough popcorn for this.
What is your least favorite word?|Moist
What is a rumour/secret about a celebrity that you know to be true?|Tom Cruise is gay.
Which members of our Senate and House of Representaives make you want to punch them in the kisser just looking at them?|Basically all of them
Non-Americans of Reddit, how would a tourist broadcast immediately to your country they are from the US?|We see no difference between americans, canadians and europeans, honestly.
What was the last time you felt happy?|Yesterday. I found out I did best in my entire college year in an essay I submitted. Big deal for me.
What is the best way of telling your kids that Santa does not exist anymore?|Never had to do it, but my guess is your kid will confront you with it before you have to confront him with it.
What is the best book you’ve ever read?|1984 It's not just about CCTV/in home cameras. You know how it's REALLY relevant regarding CCTV and in-home cameras? It's really relevant about a whole bunch of other stuff.  Orwell spent time in an early communist regime in Spain, and that's where his ideas about totalitarianism come from.
What is the worst text someone can send or receive?|We need to talk, call me asap.
What is the hottest thing a boy has ever said to you?|impossible
Psychics and Mediums of Reddit, how and when did you realize you had a gift/curse?|"John Edwards appeared in a dream with Jesus and said ""you too can bullshit for da money"""
Who is the most well-run team in professional sports?|San Antonio Spurs
What are some common expressions people frequently misuse or say incorrectly?|I could care less For all intensive purposes Literally
How would the world change if slapping a person's ass transferred 1% of their life force to you?|I’d have a lot of life, somethin somethin your mom
What was the most classy and chic dress you have ever worn and on what occasion?|I will send the updated version of this to your company tomorrow morning to see how you can get a better understanding of the situation in which you are.
If you had an evil twin, what would their traits, characteristics, quirks be?|Like me but with no morals
What is the most awkward think that happened to you during sex?|I was with a girl and before we started to really get into it she rolled over to her night stand and pulled out a swim cap that she put on and said she didn't want her hair to get pulled it be in her face and that is worked the best.
If you found out that the world was inevitably ending in 7 days, how would you spend your week?|In Your mom
How do you dress for work as a programmer?|Jeans and a button down short sleeve shirt. I typically wear Johnston and Murphy boots (they are the only company that makes shoes that are comfortable for me)
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever worn?|"Oh god I'm cringing just thinking about it.  In high school I was finding myself, I was a huge fan of punk music (but not good punk, poser shit) and heavy death metal. I went to the mall one day thinking I was the coolest dude ever. Let me run down this outfit for y'all: 
Black floppy pants  Good Charlotte MADE hoodie  Hot Topic clearance Slipknot shirt A black spikey thumb ring A heavy silver chain  
And... drumroll please 
A black studded cowboy hat.  Looking back at it now, I was the worst. But hey. I don't know many people who don't cringe at their teenage years."
What is the craziest thing you have seen a customer do?|I once watched a customer open an assorted salad bag, fart into it and then put it back onto a shelf.
What are a few precautions and steps you take when you feel a cold coming on?|eating a ton of garlic and having a tea brewed with ginger helps a lot
What is the sexiest and least sexy name?|This one is pretty good and could go either way  https://i.imgur.com/7b68qKf_d.jpg
What occupations are predicted to sharply decrease in demand and importance in the near future?|retail.
US Military personnel: What are your thoughts on Trump's desire to have a military parade?|As a Veteran I'm all for it; this idea that the Democrats have been peddling since they got us into the Vietnam War that we should be ashamed of being a military power is crap. Without US military power Asia would be enslaved by Imperial Japan and Europe and North Africa by the Fascists of Italy and Germany. Also it was US power that stopped the Soviets from enslaving Western Europe and much of the Third World.
What was something you were told as a child and took for granted, then found out as an adult it was untrue?|If you held your eyes crossed they would stay that way, If you crack your knuckles you'd get arthritis and big knuckle joints, If you sucked on a dick even once you are gay.
What is a favorite purchase of yours?|Toss up between my Pickup, Snowmachine, ATV, Xbone, Ps4, or my Switch. Later in the year itll probably go to my house when i buy one
What small acts of rebellion should all half-assed anarchists be participating in?|Sneaking up to a crossroads near Albuquerque when no one is looking and turning the arrow pointing to Pismo Beach so that it points left instead of right.
Non-mormons of Utah, how do you ever date there?|Wow, just Googled how many Mormons are in Utah. It's way more than I would have guessed.
What foods have you stopped eating for health reasons?|all fast foods
What do you think about this change in Windows File Explorer?|"When one moves by dragging in ""file explorer"" an item in a folder very fast, this means that he did it by mistake, and the move should be ignored if not enough time passed since the dragging started and ended and a message box should say it has been ignored. I almost lost all my pics because of this!"
"What is the most ""fuckboii"" - ish thing you've ever done?"|Left my ex-girlfriend’s house when she wouldn’t have sex with me.
"What is your favorite ""Parks and Recreation"" quote?"|Skimmed milk is water that's lying about being milk.
What laws do you see police misquote?|I see a lot of grown adults being given a ticket for riding a bicycle without a helmet in my area. And also tickets for not stopping at stop signs put up by places of business instead of the city.  The cops are very bored here.
If you have ever spilled liquid on a cat, How did it happen and did the cat notice?|My cat sleeps in the sink...he gets water splashed on him all the time
Why do PC monitors have a clearer picture than Tv's?|Resolution & pixel pitch. A typical monitor likely has more pixels than a 1080HD TV....and certainly more than a 780 or standard def TV.   Also consider than a monitor's pixels are smaller / closer together.   If a 50 inch TV and a 20 inch monitor have the same number of pixels, the monitor has a finer pixel pitch....they are closer together so the details appear sharper. This does tend to balance out, because you view a monitor from close up, and a TV from further away.  But if you look at the TV up close, it doesn't compare well to the monitor.
What kind of hitchhiker will Starman pick up while in space?|Hoopy froods.
Redditors whose native language is not english, what are some interesting facts about your language?|in Spanish every word is sounded out the way it's spelled
If you could be in whatever fictional reality that you can think of, what would that reality look like?|I want to live in 24th century Star Trek: Federation.
If you could have a thirty second phone call with anyone in history, who would you choose?|I would order a pizza from papa John himself
"We have heard a lot about ""Worst boss"" stories, so what's your ""Awesome boss"" story?"|I was pregnant with my first baby, and it was technically a “high risk pregnancy” because I have type 1 Diabetes. This mostly meant that I had to be REALLY careful with my blood sugar levels, and they had to monitor the pregnancy VERY closely.  This meant I had to miss a lot of work for appointments and “non-stress tests” (they strap a monitor to your belly and make sure the baby is moving and its heart beat is normal) at the hospital.  During one of the earlier non-stress tests, they detected that I was having contractions. It’s normal to have minor “Braxton-Hix” contractions during pregnancy, but apparently what I was having were too strong, too early. I called into the office to say I’d be later than expected, because they’d have to give me meds stop the contractions. The receptionist took my message and wished me well. She called back a few minutes later and said, “(Boss) said don’t come in today. Your work can wait. She wants you to rest.” I did.  The next day I’m back at work, and my boss (who was one of the company owners) came over to my desk. She asked how I was doing, what the doctors had said, etc. All was fine, and I conveyed as much. She sat down and quietly said, “Look, I want to make sure you and your baby get through this safely. That’s really important to me. I want you to take all the time you need to do this right and not stress yourself. Don’t worry about your leave balance. If you need more time off than you have, I will help make it happen.”  I was really touched. She genuinely cared more about me and my baby than her bottom line. Her husband, the CEO and co-owner, also came by my desk to make sure that I knew they wanted me to make my health a priority. In my time there, I saw the owners and VPs of that company go above and beyond for their employees. One of their employees, whom they had never met in person because he worked at a location in another state, died suddenly from something like a brain aneurism. They had one of senior management fly out to that work location not only to help the other employees as they adjusted, but also to see what the company could do to help the deceased’s family. He had life insurance, but they also helped with his funeral and final medical expenses.  I’m not going to pretend that it was a perfect workplace or that they were perfect bosses, but I never once felt unvalued there.
Who do you wish you could go back and apologize to?|My highschool crush who I led on and then eventually ditched for another girl. Truth be told, I still think about her a ton and I'm still guilty of how bad I let things get between us. As teenagers we do stupid things, as adults we have to live with those regrets and guilts. So, Wherever you are, whoever you've become I'm sorry Danica. ♡
What is something you can say to deter someone from playing the lotto?|Tell them their chances of winning. Like the exact chances. It's like 1 out of 300 million
People with SO's, did you click immediately when you met them for the first time?|Immediately. Twenty-one years later, we still click. We've clicked a wedding, many birthday parties, two kids, a slew of vacations, a mortgage, a refinance, more than a handful of cars (leased and financed), and we need to click a new stove and dryer one of these days.
What shoulder do you use when single strapping your back pack?|Left
Whats the best Anime, Cartoon, Movie or TV show and why?|Goons of Nature.
People of Reddit, do you fold your toilet paper or crumple it up into a ball? Did you always, or did you switch it up at some point? Did someone show you your chosen method, or did you just do what cane natural?|Fold around my hand, always have
What was the most amazing thing you've ever seen?|Coliseum in Rome, Eiffel Tower, Venice
People who write primarily in cursive, why do you prefer it to print?|Because picking up your pen after each letter is lunacy.
Saw some Chef Boyardee at the store and made me think how awesome that was as a kid. What was/is your favorite kind?|Probably just the original Ravioli, boy that stuff is good!
What's the worst case of badly behaved kids you've ever seen?|"I worked at a cinema and the location was 5 years old so we had two big arches with a lot of balloons near the entrances to celebrate. Some of them would randomly pop but there where a lot of balloons. One day I heard one pop, then one more- and more and more, very rapidly. I walked over and saw a little boy with a knife, stabbing the balloons with such anger it was as if they had personally killed his family and made him watch. The mother was close by, and only decided to speak when she saw that I was going to say something. All she said was ""Johny, give me that knife"". Nothing about not stabbing balloons, no shock about him having a knife in the first place, no apologies to me for the balloons. They left the theatre before I could say something."
What is the most useful thing you have learned from Reddit?|That Tittydrops are a thing
What’s the scariest way to die?|Open ocean
If you have the power to change one thing about the world's education system, what would you do?|Banning all religious influences/education in schools all over the world.
Where did you hang out as a teen?|Outside at the park in my neighborhood with my friends.
Teachers of reddit, is it worth it? Why or why not?|Yes, 100x yes. I teach kindergarten and it is the most rewarding job ever. Every day is filled with I love you’s, you’re the best, and I love school. Every day is filled with the joy in a kid’s eyes when they read a new sentence, decode a difficult word, or finally understand a new math concept. I love my job.
NSFW: You have been hired by Ikea to name their new line of sex-toys. What are the dirty-sounding names which don't actually mean anything?|Flagediddler
What are some tips for those of us who are going out to live on their own for the first time?|Suffer for a little while. A lot of people leave the comfort of home and expect to live the same type of way. They make efforts to do so and 2 weeks later are calling Mom and Dad for money to eat. Eat ramen and hotdogs, live in the crappy studio apartment, etc. Not only will you save money, but you'll appreciate things a lot more once you're well-established and living under better circumstances.
What is your favourite “Parks and Recreation” quote?|The entire Indian chant from season four
What is the one thing about your country that you are most proud of?|I'm from the United States... It trips us up sometimes, but our undying spirit is something to behold.
What's your useless talent?|Reciting the alphabet backwards. It will be fun if I ever have a sobriety test though.
Interviewers of reddit, what type of questions would you typically ask and what kind or responses from interviewees makes you more prone to hiring them?|I try not to ask that many questions. I think the 'where do you see yourself? What are your strengths?' is going to get you pre-rehearsed garbage.  I talk about the job and try to get a feeling for how the person operates.   You have to read the interviewer though.  Some people want the garbage.
What are some cheap, easy, and quick ways to add flair to a basic, boring lunch meat sandwich?|put chips in it
People who don't wash their hands in public bathrooms. Why?|I'm not going to die and i'm lazy.
What movie would be most improved by including a song that sings name of the film, like Ghostbusters did?|The Dark Knight
What’s a smell that brings you back in time?|Cedar
What is a progressive conservative?|A conservative who believes the best way to help the poor, the disenfranchised and minorities is through conservative values of hard work, self-reliance, strong families and free enterprise.
What are your 'sweet dreams' made of?|This
Why are you so easily amused?|Low IQ.
Redditors who work in an office, do you have any coworkers who resemble any characters from The Office?|They're all Toby in the sense i hate them all.
Cashiers of Reddit, what things do customers do that annoy you the most?|Hand me a wad of crumpled banknotes as payment.
What's the weirdest coincidence you've ever experienced?|Probably not the weirdest, but I recently quit my job and later realized I resigned the same day I graduated from university, exactly 8 years before. In both cases it was the end of an important path!
What's the least corrupt city in the world?|Moscow
What is your version of “the American dream” or the dreams of your native country?|We don't have a dream because we're not asleep.
Why are error messages in developer software (looking at you Microsoft) always written in terms only a savant would understand and retain knowledge of?|Like, as a business intelligence developer who uses Visual Studio, why the hell are error messages written in such gobbledegook that make zero sense to the average human brain. Why does this part of software exist this way?
People who grew up in a communist country, but now live in a capitalist society how would you compare daily life in the two systems?|In America, your job determines your marks. In Soviet Russia, Marx determines your job.
What things did you regret saying in an interview?|my name jeff
Siblings of Reddit: If you could change the order, what would you change?|The order
What three events made the biggest impact on who you are today?|My mother dying, my brother dying, and doing hallucinogens.
What's the best way to get into a car when it's raining?|by opening the door and getting inside
Restaurant workers, what are some shocking facts we don't know about our ordered food?|If you are allergic to gluten and eat at an Italian restaurant you are an idiot and the chefs hate you.
What's the best comeback you've managed?|(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What goes on in your head when you listen to music?|the actual song im listening to
What do you know about the mystery of Bermuda Triange?|That it's a myth.
What ridiculous phobia do you have?|fear geese
What is the most invaluable skill you've acquired by just observing someone?|"""Sweet-talking the deal"". This is the gentle art of price negotiation. Some people mistakenly believe bad mouthing the merchandise works. It rarely works well. You are better off getting the seller to want to sell it to you, as opposed to someone else.  There is a lot involved in doing so and not the least of it is learning to read the seller's body language.  From the selling standpoint you want the buyer to come away from the deal feeling very good about their purchase. They are paying not just for a physical item, they are also paying for a positive feeling and memories.   These are what makes you or breaks you when buying and selling antiques and collectibles.   My wife and I met an elderly antique dealer at an auction over 30 yrs ago and struck up a conversation with him. We kept running into him at auctions and flea markets. We became good friends and we learned a lot from him. Not the least of which was everything has a story within it, waiting to be shared."
"What thing did you try to get into, but said ,""Nope"" once you started?"|Life
If a secret camera crew followed you around for the past 24 hours, what is the most embarrassing thing they would've filmed?|The pornographic parts
If you were the opposite gender what would you want your name to be?|Hildebrand
What anime do you think needs a bigger following?|It's Tokyo Mew Mew for me
Emergency doctors of Reddit, what is the weirdest emergency that has come in into your ER?|Sorry my English btw
How do you force yourself to get out of bed?|Fortunately I don't need much forcing, but you can try putting your alarm clock the other side of your bedroom.
Everybody knows when you bump fists with someone it’s called “fisting”. What else does everybody know?|It's only gay if the balls touch
What is your favorite meal that you get locally that might not be served anywhere else?|Mine is from my local meat shop. $5.  It's a mixture of Fritos chips, chili beans, and small cut up tri tip
Anybody here who uses tidal wants to make a ton of money?|I will explain, I have some 30 second songs on tidal, and If someone streams them 112 times per hour I could make possibly $8,000 per month!
What is something you secretly do that if you told anyone, you would certainly be called an asshole?|^^i ^^dont ^^use ^^my ^^blinkers
Has anyone experienced or have seen a shadow got left behind after the person moved? What’s the circumstances?|witchcraft
What are some of the biggest “what ifs” in world history and what are good theories as to what might have happened instead?|"I often wonder what would have happened if Germany won WW2. Being British I find it particularly interesting given it's really quite recent in terms of history, and I think we can safely say would have changed our current way of life in some form. 
As for what might have happened, I don't like to think about it too much."
Why are you optimistic about the future?|Who said I was?
What is your favorite art form?|Poetry.
What makes you snap and blow up on someone?|"Saying ""I'll be there in a bit"" when they're actually gonna take an hour or more. ""In a bit"" to me means 10-15 minutes. If you're gonna take longer than that, just be honest. I'll be less mad knowing I have to wait more vs keeping me guessing whether you're gonna show or not."
The person who broke your heart is listening to a mix tape you prepared for them. What are they listening to?|FDB - Young Dro
Parents of reddit, what are your goals for your children?|To be a good human... Nothing else will matter if your child doesnt  have humanity, manners and respect for others.
What song takes you back in time when you hear it? And what time does it take you to?|So I put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
What in the world should have been kept as a secret ?|She has a penis
"What does it mean when someone says, ""I wanted you to feel the pain that you caused me, but all I wanted to do was take your pain away.""?"|an achievement in wackness
How do people who served in the U.S Military feel about a parade in Washington DC?|This is America, not North Korea or the Soviet Union. There is no need for a military parade other than to stroke the ego of the Commander-in-Chief.
What is the best selling fictional book of all time?|The Bible
What are some of the most memorable commercials you have seen?|Jean-Claude Van Damme do a split between machines
"What are some creepy ""mythical creature"" encounters you guys have experienced?"|The homeless dope fiends behind where I stay in Flordia.
What celebrity do you look like the most?|I’ve been told kirsten dunst, and francesca eastwood.
What is something we've peaked at making?|Typewriters.
Teachers of Reddit, what made you decide to do it, and do you have any regrets?|Needed to find a study, my wife already had the books so I thought 'why not'. It's rewarding when you're good at your job (which I am), because you get a lot of positive feedback from the kids. Regrets? Well, I could have also gone for an IT study. I think that would have been more financially rewarding.
What happens in movies but not in real life?|"""Counter hacking"" - ""I'm in the database...oh no he put up a firewall! I'm breaking through...dammit he threw a trojan in my way, I'm going to disarm it!"""
What would your younger self be most angry with at present day you about?|how we stayed a loser :')
Guten Tag sprechen Sie Deutsch or why not?|Ich bin zu beschäftigt, Wienerschnitzel zu essen, um das zu beantworten.
People who eat gas station pastries, why?|I'm a baller on a budget
Chefs, cooks, and bakers of Reddit, what was your kitchen nightmare experience?|The time I tried to keep pace with the reformed convicts twice my age in the kitchen. Couple of special brownie milkshakes later and someone had to take over the flat top for me ahahahaha
Since Valentine's Day is coming up soon, what's the most romantic thing anyone's ever done for you?|Someone once held a door open for me.
What every day product do you hate the smell of?|Cheerios smell horrendous to me. I don't mind the taste, but a bowl of Cheerios in milk smells like puke to me.
What are your bad habits?|I get angry really easily and when i do the things that come out of my mouth aint pleasant. SO yep i am working on it but its tough.
What is the possibility of us having a conversation using only lines from movies?|If you were in the wild, I would attack you, even if you weren't in my food chain. I would go out of my way to attack you. If I were a lion and you were a tuna, I would swim out in the middle of the ocean and freaking eat you and then I'd bang your tuna girlfriend.
People who attended boys/ girls only schools, how did a single gender environment affect your daily life and education?|"I didn't attend a single gender school, but in high school they were a bit sexist, in the sense that all girls must take dance and all boys must take physical education.  I argued with the school until they let me into the boy's gym class because I hated dancing and the teacher was like a drill sergeant... he would stand on the girls' backs and make them do exercises that they couldn't even do. He used to make us do 10-minute planks and if our stomachs touched the ground, he'd come around and ""sweep the floor,"" as in, he'd get a broom and ""sweep"" underneath you so that if your stomach was touching the floor, you're essentially getting hit with a broom.  And I told the dean about that and I said that's abuse. The only reason I was allowed to switch was because I showed them that I had bruises from that class and they finally let me switch over. Gym was much better, and I functioned perfectly fine being surrounded by boys.  I don't understand why anyone would ever think that separating people by gender is ever a good idea."
What phrase or expression take on a different meaning depending on the context/tone or the speaker?|Let's go.
What are some of the biggest “what ifs” in world history?|What if Hitler died during WWI?
Why did they want to speak to the manager?|To get things done quicker.
People of Reddit who take public transportation, what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen?|You got about five hours too talk?
What event has happened in your life that you cannot explain to this day?|My wife fell in love with me. I still really don't understand why.
What is the funniest/most ineffective way to kill someone?|You say ,' I am going to tickle you till you die.' Then you both have a tickle battle to death
What do you do to be the most cool, calm and collected you can be?|Drugs
What is your “Worst Valentines Day Ever” story?|Caught having sex with my gf when we were 14. Having sex in her house and her parents were supposed to leave for the airport that day. Apparently they forgot some luggage. Her parents actually weren't too shocked that their daughter was having sex, but more surprised that they've never met me. They thought I was some random dude when in reality I had been dating her for about 2 years at that point
"What is your favorite ""if you didn't do this you haven't really visited that""?"|Here in Pensacola FL, it has to be going to the McGuires Irish Pub.  It's a restaurant with literal dollar bills stuck to the walls and ceiling, estimated to be over a million of them in total for both their locations  It's always been funny to me because I've lived here in Pensacola for about 6 years now and I still haven't been.
What karaoke song did you do/hear that the crowd went mental over?|So I put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
Flat Earth believers of Reddit, what do you think about Elon Musk's Tesla live stream?|Why is Starman driving in reverse?
How many hours do you spend totally alone each day?|Outside of work, *a lot*.
Reddit what are we offended by today?|I’m offended that you assume that we are offended about something.
You have been given access to tweet from Donald Trump's Twitter account. What's your first tweet?|I resign from presidency
What happened to the smartest person you went to high school with?|He is answering questions on reddit
What do you think is the most epic guitar solo of all time?|Cliffs of Dover - The entire piece
What question should you never ask a man?|So, tell me about this Fight Club then.
When did you realize you hit rock bottom (if you have)?|When I lived in a car for a while. :\
People of Reddit, what pets do you have and what are some funny things they did?|"3 cats:
George Cooney - He meows at everyone outside and my neighbors meow back sometimes. 
Dick Kickass - He's skittish, but sometimes he'll play. He does a weird meow when hes chasing a toy.
Bort - I got Bort when he was a kitten. He was so small, but exploded. He's bigger than the Maine Coons and knows how to open the bathroom door."
What weird fact/theory did someone tell you that you later found out was fake?|apparently santa isnt real
Males of reddit, do you prefer to urinate sitting or standing? And why?|sit at home, stand in public places
What TV series is a good follow up to DEXTER?|Hannibal
What is your favorite thing to do when you have an hour of free time?|Be concerned that I only have an hour of free time.
What's your criteria for a game being considered a sport?|Physical activity. I'd argue that golf isn't a sport, but a competitive hobby. Not saying I don't like golf, but yeah.
Radio DJs, what song do you hate playing, but are forced to due its popularity or high demand?|I would imagine that shitty Havana song is everyone's answer
What's something stupid you thought was true as a kid but now realise is complete bullshit?|That there's a sentient, omniscient, omnipotent being who created us, pays attention to us, and is fundamentally concerned with our welfare.
Why are some people drama magnets?|Unpopular Asshole Opinion: IMO, some people seem to attract that sort of thing because they're shit starters who thrive on attention - positive or negative.
If real life had a skill tree, similar to RPGS, what would be the first thing you would try to max out?|pickpocketing i am in low supply of pockets op
Researchers of Reddit, what is something that even though it seems counterintuitive, has actually been found to be true?|Pretty much the entire field of quantum physics
People who have had their future read, how accurate was it and how did it affect your view on the whole future-reading subject?|I haven't had it done, but I was with my friend when she did.  The man used tarot cards and one of the cards was the death card.  As were literally days from being sent overseas on our deployment, this freaked her the hell out.  He tried to explain that the death wasn't necessarily literal, but she was pretty much done by then.   She is still happily alive.  :)
If subreddits had brutally honest taglines, what would they be?|"r/askreddit ""Asking questions that have been asked a million times and downvoting any answer that doesn't align with how I see the world"""
If you had a giant robot, and you had to fight 10,000 of any animal with this robot, which animal would you choose?|Rabbits
What do you love about Humans as a species?|That we love dogs and dog at so cute
Why would you never buy a new car?|Because slightly used cars are way cheaper
People who have been in bad cities/neighborhoods, what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen?|A chop shop
When did you figure out what you wanted to do with your life?|Man, I'm 28 and don't have a clue what I'm doing...
People who have takes/taken anti depressants, how is it going for you? Are there any side effects to it?|Cant get your dick hard
What crazy thing did you find out about someone after they passed away?|Great grandfather was possibly a child molester and probably slept with his daughters. Also did not defend my grandmother when she was attempted to be raped. Not sure what the stories are behind any of these and I'm slinging some pretty heavy allegations against someone that is dead and gone, but it's just stuff I've heard through family conversations. Always thought he was the nicest dude.
What's the weirdest place you ever went to for a field trip?|Slaughterhouse
What are the best ways to human things?|Observe, report, repeat the humans.
Uber/Lyft drivers of reddit, what is the most scariest thing you have encountered?|Once had a customer use a double superlative.
What does computer cookies do?|They feed your computer delicious chocolate chip cookies.
People of reddit, whats your favorite girl scout cookie and why?|**THIN MINTS**
Guys and gals of Reddit, what was your “lost my virginity” story?|I put my penis in her vagina
What are your thoughts on introducing a vibrator into the bedroom in a M/F relationship?|What are you waiting for?
What would be nice to stare at for a minute?|a perfectly looped gif
Teachers of Reddit, why do you hate that one kid in your class?|He dropped a hard r on me
What is the craziest thing that ever happened to you?|sleep paralysis
"How do you feel about ""20 percent of your customers create 80 percent of your problems?"""|Going by retail experience it's more like 5% and 95%.
What inanimate object to you attach too much sentimentality to, and why?|A blue blanket that has cartoon french fries, cheeseburgers and soda on it.  It was my favorite blanket as a child and my son is using it now.
Americans of reddit, guns - why would you want to own them?|To protect yourself.... not everyone is friendly. Someone who went to my church was shot and killed in front of his own house when he was leaving.
Employers of Reddit: Why do you use personality tests when hiring employees? How have they gone right or horribly wrong?|Personality test? I have never taken one for a job. I have how ever taken a wonderlic test which is barely legal.
Doctors of reddit: What is the craziest case you have ever worked on?|I once had to extract a condom from a mans trachea
What is your experience with dating someone online without ever meeting them previously?|You’d be amazed by how strong words can be. Like it doesn’t matter if you’ve never met bc whatever you have feels just as real and just as strong.
What is your highest achievement in life?|Making it to the shops and back while off my head. That was a pretty high achievement.
How fast is Elon Musk's car going in Space? Has it broken a new speed record?|About 18,000 MPH. Not the fastest. Voyager 1 is going 38,610 MPH, and Voyager 2 is going 35,970 MPH. The Juno Spacecraft is going 164,700 MPH. (due to multiple gravity assists)
What's your biggest regret?|no ragrets
People from outside of America, who have traveled there, what was the most unusual thing to you?|Racial divides, guns and, outside of a few cities, the lack of pedestrians. And the excess of shite food at home, people having cases of Coke as regular thing for example - not that we're (UK) healthy but still.
"Why can't some people take criticism without pulling the ""hater"" card?"|It’s the type of people who can’t admit they have made a mistake. Too much self pride or too big of an ego.
Who are some virtuous people in history?|Fred Rogers
Whats the best place to rant on the internet?|/r/offmychest
Historians of Reddit, what inaccuracy depicted in historical movies infuriates you the most?|What the movie 300 did to the Battle of Thermopylae. That battle is one of the coolest and most badass events in the history of human kind (if you ask me). There was no need for the adaptation to have monsters and giants. The story could have held on it’s own. However, that would have taken more work and an actual ability to develop characters and build a plot...but I guess cheesy special effects work too... There are now people on this Earth that think the Battle of Thermopylae never happened...
Average looking men who have tried tinder, how did you do?|I look like a potato.
What are some dumb ways you hurt yourself?|When I was 13, my neighbourhood friend and I thought it would be a fun idea to handcuff our hands to eachother then ride our bike around the block. We didn't think very far ahead, and the moment we hit the end of the driveway, we turned opposite ways and yanked eachother off our bikes. No major injuries, just busted our arms\hips up when we landed. Cuffs stayed attached, and our wrists hurt like hell.
Why does no one notice that guys form a minority of college students now?|We live live in a gynocentric society. No one cares anymore
What Easter Egg do you think Musk left in his Tesla for future generations to find?|An actual easter egg, hidden somewhere in the car.
Why is a tuxedo expensive so much?|What? They're not that expensive.
What are some things that keep you from falling asleep/engaged at work?|My own thoughts at night
Europeans who visited America, what was your biggest WTF moment?|I give up on humanity.
How was your college dorm mate? what was the best and worst moments?|simply gross
What was your craziest experience with pets?|i gave my cat catnip once VERY insane times indeed op
Men of reddit, what the fuck shall we get you for Valentines Day?|sex
Students, what's the worst teacher/professor meltdown you've ever seen?|My biology teacher was nearly reduced to tears when a classmate asked her “how gays have sex”. It was out of the blue too, because our textbook didn’t even mention PIV sex, just talked about the sperm meeting the egg with some level of abstraction. (I’m from India, we have no sex ed of any kind, and people pretend like it doesn’t exist.)
What makes Elon Musk so spectacularly, awesomely great?|$ $ $ $ $
People of Reddit who continuously text a person of opposite sex when you are on a date/ casual meet up with another person of opposite sex. Why do you do it?|gotta make sure she got my unsolicited dick pics
Why does the Easter Bunny hide eggs on Easter?|"I believe it's more of an inborn instinct reverting back to their childhood and how the mothers hide/camouflage 
the babies to keep them hidden. Deliver bunnies see the eggs in a maternal manner."
Your loved one who died 5+ years ago suddenly comes back to life. Is this a positive or negative thing? How would this affect your life and the lives of others who knew them?|It'd be great. I'd love to see my dad again.
Current and former college students, what's the most unreasonable class time you've ever had?|The longest I think I had was a once a night lecture that was something like 4 - 8:30 PM on Monday evening. Luckily it was one of the most interesting subjects I ever studied (Ancient Civ) and the instructor was one of the best lecturers I ever had who was intelligent, witty and knew the subject backwards and forwards. So I could've easily sat through a couple of extra hours every week. I always avoided odd class times though. It was a luxury of being a GI Bill student because I didn't need to work while I was in school so I was able to work my schedule a lot easier than other students.
Redditors, what things do you give a man for Valentine’s Day?|Anal
What are some weird, little known hobbies/activities that you do daily or weekly that you enjoy?|It's not really weird, but uncommon for a hobby. I enjoy transposing video games music on my free time. It's surprisingly fun and often relaxing to do.
What is a name that you think is cool but you wouldnt want to have?|F’Queue
What is your highest high score in any video game?|I did get a score of 5161 on Atari Breakout one time.
What did you do to make someone else's life better?|Showed them my ding dong or whatever.
What’s the most infuriating thing you see other drivers do?|Text while driving.
What’s something you need to get off your chest?|This very heavy brick. It hurts man.
"Do you still remember your ""first"" kiss, handhold, sex, date, etc? Does it still mean as much as it did back then? How did you move on?"|I remember all except the first handhold (that's never even occured to me). They were special at the time. Now they're not.
Dear people of Reddit, what is your all time favorite meal?|Im sorry but... OPs Mom
What's the last text you sent?|"""If you know yet""."
What killed the mood for you during a date?|She turned out to be very openly anti semetic
So we have a drug test tomorrow at school. How to study for it?|Drop a couple of tabs of acid :)
What's Good about Living in America...?|The freedom.
What is the least sexy food?|Haggis
What has your strangest dream been about?|Being shrunken and imprisoned at my own school.
When is one week a long time but 7 days too short a time?|Found Jayden Smith's account
"What was your ""Shut up and take my money"" moment?"|Anytime some company releases a new bullpup
What's your favorite gas station snack?|Hotdogs...
Cat won't wear leash, why is this and any methods to help put leash on cat?|Meow...
"What ""As Seen on TV"" product is actually amazing?"|Trump Steaks.
Women of Reddit: What's your opinion of guys who show their chest hair?|Definitely not soyboys.
Your house is on fire and you have time to grab one item before it's all gone, what would it be?|My house
What’s the most quotable movie there is?|If you ain't first, you're last
"What do you think about Trudeau's ""Peoplekind"" comment?"|I wouldn't expect anything less from that Lemon Muffin Trudeau.
What is something that’s funny to see people argue about?|Nothing.
What was the most amount of fast food you've eaten in one sitting?|https://imgur.com/CwGD6zp
Why do men have more body hair than women ? What's the evolutionnary reason behind this ?|you sure about that because i've met some *very* hairy women...
What songs would be on your break-up playlist?|Eaten up inside by Korn
What is the worst thing you’ve ever eaten?|It's a tossup between a spoil eggnog milkshake with cow tongue chunks in it, or 4 habanero soaked goat dicks.  I did this for a fear factor style challenge at a haunted house thing one halloween. -2/10 I would go back and pimp slap myself before I signed up. I beat it though, I fucking owned that challenge. Made it my bitch.
In honor of J dilla, What is your favorite J Dilla beat?|Who the heck is J Dilla?
What are some ways to entertain yourself on a long road trip?|Are you going to be alone or with other people? If alone, play some music or listen to a podcast. If with other people, play some games such as I Spy or other games like that.
Upstanding Reddit Citizen - what is a question you've wanted to ask AskReddit but were afraid people would find you daft or, even worse, ignorable?|I'll go - why would anyone grow a rat tail? At what point in time or place on Earth is that considered cool?
What was something positive brought about by an otherwise failed relationship?|I learned not to trust dating apps.
What is the best part of the day?|The part when you get home and take off your shoes
What thing did you get downvoted for the most?|Posting this article in a post where OP is in a hospital bed showing off their newborn baby.  http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/children-carbon-footprint-climate-change-damage-having-kids-research-a7837961.html Sometimes the downvotes are upvotes.
You’re a burglar, but instead of stealing things, you do stuff to mildly inconvenience your victims. What’s your crime?|A misdemeanor.
USA or Europe....... Where would you like to live?|Europe...i'm sick and tired of American bullshit.
The President and Lil John tearfully hold hands in front of the nation to make a confession. What do they reveal?|George Bush did 7/11.
With all the space junk and satellites orbiting Earth, why don't we see any of it in any launch footage?|Do you know how much space there is? Plus it’s the small stuff that’s dangerous, a paint chip nearly shattered a 9 inch thick window on the ISS
What game went from being really good to really bad?|Ark survival evolved. It was great minus the bugs and glitches when the game first came out. It was an original game.  Until duping, people using hacks, people building under the map, destroying bases from under the map, and the surplus amount of mega tribes that have control of each server. The list goes on but these are just a few examples that have made the game go to complete shit in the past 2 years.
What was your worst nightmare?|A reoccurring one of mine, where I wake up.
What joke at the expense of your race/gender/group do you think is pretty funny?|Back in the 90's my grandmother hired this old german plumber who lived down the street to fix her leaking bathtub. Turns out he mixed up the gas and water lines. I guess old habbits die hard
What part of the brain creates the voice in our heads?|The Microsoft Sam lobe
What decision, good or bad, led you to where you are now, and how has it effected you?|Honestly, it is all the little, seemingly insignificant decisions day in and day out that have the biggest impact on us.
What song deserves to be popular today?|Get over it.  Eagles.
What video or article would you show me to convince me of the existence of UFOs?|The ufos convention that seemed in Washington near the white house. Search about it. It's doesn't look real but too many people confirmed they saw. Somehow when people started talking about it they just stopped in weird way...
What is the most ironic thing that have ever happened to you?|Failed a test that I created
What is your favorite thing that you have made?|My very first origami flower that took me 2 hours. I’m going to give it to my grandma when she comes to visit!
Why are so many South Koreans preoccupied with plastic surgery and looks?|Because South Korea is extremely materialistic
What rock genre do you wish would make a comeback?|Prog rock
What is your favorite way to improve a frozen meal?|Something that I read here a while back was spot on. Take a frozen pizza and thaw it. Heat your oven up to its absolutely hottest temperature. If you have a pizza stone, throw that in there too since it will help the pizza cook evenly. Once the oven is pre-heated, cook the pizza for 4-6 minutes (or just keep an eye on it so you can take it out before it burns).  And this will taste much more like a restaurant pizza since they just cook at super high temperatures!
What could kill Reddit?|If our parents joined
As we get farther into the 21st century, how much do YOU value space exploration?|Personally, I think it should be a top priority.
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in front of someone you were attracted to?|Came back for a second date wearing a silk shirt.
When you order a soft drink is do you call it a soda or a pop?|I call it by it's brand name. i dont let them just pick anything for me
Why would California be more important to the world than Canada?|It's not.
Women of reddit, What are Valentine's Day ads like on typical women's media outlets (Cosmo, Bravo, E!)? What are they selling you or telling you to do for your husband or SO?|"For men it’s jewelry, trips to Paris and perfumes.
For women it’s pretty much sex."
With sexual abuse coming to light about some celebs, how do you feel about past films they were in? How has your opinion changed, if at all?|I separate a person's personal activities from their acting roles. I'll be less willing to watch anything new they come out with though. Refusing to watch something someone was in because of something they did is kind of just, stupid. Especially when you loved it before.
What’s the best sound you’ve ever heard?|'foods ready'
Commercial pilots of Reddit: How much of flying has become automatic nowadays?|99% of it.
What even is Graphic Design?|CGI for one.   Digital art for two.  Logo design for 3.  Video games for 4.  Shall I go on?
What do you do if you have met a really nice guy you like, but you are depressed and scared he won't handle it?|Handle what?
What song do you always sing along with no matter where you are?|That god damn imagine dragons song Believer
What’s a time you look back on and thing, “man I got screwed over”?|Buying my car back when I was 18. It was a 2007 Honda Civic si, brand new, 0 miles. But man did I over pay! Lol hey it still runs.
What always makes you laugh?|when i look in the mirror
What is the one thing in your daily routine that you simply cannot live without?|Water
What are some simple things you only actually understood/realised much later in your life?|"A few days ago I realised why the 17th century is the 1600s and why the century is always ""one more"" than the actual year. This is because 0-99 is technically the first century and 100-199 is the second. Never thought about it like that before."
What is worst than pooping in your pants?|Pooping in someone else's pants.
What's your favorite insult to use during an argument?|I had sex with your girl
Hey Reddit, what three television shows defined your childhood?|For me, it was Animaniacs, Batman: The Animated Series, and The Simpsons.
What is the most peaceful country on earth?|Vatican
What song do you not listen to a lot but love when it comes on?|anything by Phil Collins
What is the best brand of instant ramen?|"maruchan
the college savior"
What TV/Movie references do you hear all the time but have no idea where it's from?|I had no idea, “That’s what she said” came from The Office.
One of your Reddit posts will be written on your grave, what will it say?|It will try to explain doge grammar.
What do you think happens after you die?|Nothing.
Why are we still friends?|The benefits.
What's your favorite Star Wars quote?|“The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.”
What are some of the best bots on Reddit?|The one that alerts people when their phone is almost on 0% battery when they post a screenshot. Idk why, it gets me every time. So snarky.
The funniest thing that you've experienced and howd it happen?|Funniest thing recently was at christmas.  My gf's mom bought her son (who is blind) a rolling laundry hamper for his dorm. Christmas morning he opens it up, needing a little help from to to get it clear of the box. He pulls out his hamper, and 3 hamper lids...  I look back in the box, and see another hamper in there. We get a good chuckle out of it and he pulls that one ut too. There is now a 3rd hamper staring up at me.   It turns out his mom bought a 3-pack of hampers from one of the overstocked goods websites, and didn't notice.
What are some jobs that can provide well for someone looking to reenter the workforce?|really pointless question to ask, as it depends on the person's skills / experience / education
Which of the seven deadly sins are you?|wrath
What is the dumbest thing you've ever had a fight with your brother/sister about?|When we turn 14 our grandparents get us namemarked cutlery. I used my sister's fork. She hit me.
What’s wrong with humans that more of our billionaires aren’t trying to advance us as much as Elon Musk?|They are basically Smaug. They like to sit on their money and make sure no one else can have it.
When you were a kid what did you want to when you (grow up)?|I wanted to be a but it didn't work out.
What's a niche (lighthearted) stereotype you've noticed?|I'll start.  Not at all trying to be offensive, all 3 African American coworkers I've had at my current job have either (twice) microwaved aluminum foil, and (once) melted a plastic wrapper in a microwave we had to replace.  My one coworker, 56 years old, said he had no idea you couldn't reheat a foil wrapped burger..
What is the tallest dam in the world?|Trump's toupée.
What is your favorite, yet relatively unknown, podcast?|Dude Soup
What’s the most fun you’ve ever had?|Being on the beaches of Hawaii
What was the last thing you googled?|"""Elon Musk is a jerk"". I was looking for an article."
Parents of Reddit, which child of yours is your favorite, and why?|I like my daughter more because she's pretty chill, independent, a great artist, she's funny and she says she loves me all the time.  My son is funny and can be cute, but he is super needy all the time, and is an asshole about asking for things. We've tried to be patient with him and teach him how to ask properly and he's getting better but he tends to scream his demands at us over and over again, which gets old fast. My in laws are the most patient people I know but he makes even their forehead veins pop out.
What is the best scary movie/tv show you have ever seen?|Beyond the Black Rainbow is my favorite horror/thriller of all time. Highly recommended.
Elon Musk, Net Neutrality, Donald Trump and EA are having a fight to see who can pollute reddit with the most shitposts. Who wins?|Donald Trump
What country, state, province, or city do you live in?|The Republic of Texas.
What piece of sports history were you able to see in person?|Marianos last game
How do you make your ramen? What do you do that’s special?|"1) open the noodles
2) eat the ramen noodles
3) drink the boiling water
4) sniff the seasoning"
Married couples of Reddit, How did you know she/he was the one you wanted to spend your life with?|She said “I’m pregnant”.
How do you find new hobbies?|What are you into?
What's the funniest sound you've ever heard?|A baby laughing.
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?|WD-40 means Water Displacement and it was the 40th try to get that formula.
What thing has the worst texture?|If you are eating a steak and you're expecting a mouthful of delicious meat but you get a mouthful of fat instead
What is one thing you miss about school?|Sleep whenever i wanted
sex workers, what non-sexual things did clients pay you to do?|Not me. But saw this girl who had this guy pay around $500 just to smell her feet. Nothing more
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you?|"My girl- ""he can't see without his glasses!"""
What makes you tired?|Life, school, humanity, etc etc
What actually happens when someone sends back their food? What are your real reactions? Is it a pain to deal with?|Light cursing and getting back to work.
What wakes you up?|Sound, or someone touching me duh  Sleep paralysis, hunger, thirsty, take a piss etc etc
What is the next Family Guy joke that will turn out to be true?|Selena Gomez nude leaks
In the Olympic Spirit, what would be the triathlon for your home state or country?|Shooting in a illegal area,sitting on your butt,and getting hanged
people who had colitis, why did it go away?|Never had colitis, but I've had coitus.
Reddit cubicle workers, what do you do to entertain yourself at work besides going on reddit?|"Sometimes vicariously ""replay"" video games I like via YouTube.  Don't really need the volume (we have a no earbud policy where I work), and can divert attention from game and back again and not really miss anything, so its okay...a little pathetic, bot okay....."
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?|I own a penguin costume.
What is your instant Ramen upgrade recipe?|Throw a fried egg on top.
Do you think that Facebook and Twitter are better than reddit and why?|No. I encounter far less baby pictures on Reddit.
What is the clearest indicator that we are living in a simulation?|photons acting as waves *and* particles man
You’re on death row and the executioner allows you to listen to one last song. What would be your last song?|Never Gonna Give You Up!
"What is ""tech savvy"" these days?"|If the WiFi goes down, and you know how to reboot the router, You're tech savvy... Source: My Family...
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?|My wedding gown, leotards, lingerie.  I'm a guy
Why US market affects the other countries economy...?|Because global economics exist.
What is some advice you'd give to someone leaning toward skilled trades as a career?|Don't be put off by skilled trade companies acting like they are the main ones with all the contacts and contracts so you cant go anywhere else... If a place isn't right for you then don't be scared to change
What are the best ways the calm down and relax?|A good way to preempt the need to calm down in the first place is to make sure you're getting lots of sleep and eating right.
What’s the most effective way for a government to control its people?|Just the way its doing. Take our freedoms little by little, small steps at a time.
"What's your ""Feel good"" song?"|I have hype song One punch Man opening
Former teachers of religion, what happened?|I evolved and got smarter.  I understood I believe only because of my parents and they too. I have no reason to believe. I got this idea from jack rousso books
What is the cringiest thing you've ever heard?|"The overuse of the word ""spaz"".  ""Yo squadfam, look at how I talked down on that bitch, I *spazzed* so hard bruh"""
What ethnicity has the most passionate and romantic men?|Go to Italy
What is a weird or odd career that pays good money but most people don't consider doing?|It's not weird or odd, but nursing. RNs make pretty good money relative to the amount of time and money they spend on their education, but the job is high stress and there's lots of burnout and turnover.
What emotion do you feel when you think about clowns?|Indifference
Why do most people think Europeans are smarter/better-educated than most Americans?|"I’m European and I know three languages since kindergarden. Friends that studied in the US for a while told me that they touch the same levels of maths &physics we touch in grade school when they’re in college. 
I know that not all americans are as dumb as you see in those ‘Americans are dumb’ compilations but we do, at least in school, get taught an awful lot of things you guys don’t. 
No worries, you still lead in other fields, and will do so for a very long time."
Night shift workers of reddit, what are some of the things you’ve seen after dark?|Fork lift battles
What is your favorite quote from Parks and Recreation?|Give me all the bacon and eggs that you have.
You are transported to 1986 but you're given the option to take five 1MB floppy discs worth of data from today. What do you take?|5 1MB floppy discs full of data
What's the most exotic food you have eaten?|Jack fruit
Reddit what’s an answer you’ve never found an askreddit thread for?|“Prolapsed tiger butthole”  No idea what the askreddit question may be, but I’m fairly positive that’s never been a correct answer.
What’s your favorite dad joke?|What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a bicycle, and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle?  Attire.
What traits are you starting to notice in yourself that were passed down from one of your parents?|My dad's quick temper and I hate it.
what does 'chilldhood' mean to you?|being able to spell childhood correctly
Why do companies think that invasive website ads work? Or DO they actually work?|I think of it as they're trying to be as annoying as possible so when you actually DO need that single in your area, or are READY to buy that item you've been googling comparisons for, they will be the first thing that pops into your head.
How do people look for new jobs while not leaving their current jobs?|By telling them you're going to the dentist instead of a job interview.
What is your happiest memory?|Eating that first piece of pizza.
What are some pros and cons on going back in time?|pro: get rich quick and could prevent bad things from happening  con: actions could cause other undesired effects
What is your favorite movie, series or just an episode of a show, that is about stalking?|why do you want to know this?
What big risk in life do you not regret taking?|I regret not fuckin more chicks
What would you do for a Klondike bar?|Nothing. They're not that good.
What was your best 1 computer game as a child?|Quake II.
What’s the best subreddit to discuss self hurt?|/r/findareddit
Using the skills you possess, how would you aid in the slaying of a Dragon?|Shoot it at long range with my 300WM.
What was your most unconventional use of duct tape?|kidnapping someone (JK)
What weird nickname do you have for your pet?|Cheeky Nigel
What's something that everyone thinks they understand, but almost no one actually does?|Every job out there except their own. Everyone thinks they know more and could do just as good, if not a better job, at being a politician, a cop, the head coach, school teacher, etc. It's okay to keep people on their toes, but stop thinking you actually know what they do.
Why Do Cats Seek Attention In Bathrooms?|Because they love you
What is the weirdest music video you have seen?|Windowlicker - Aphex Twin.
What type of food is the worst leftover?|French fries.
Males of reddit: when you are peeing are you holding your dick with your right, left or both hands and why?|Tweasers. I use tweasers.
What is the most peaceful country on earth?|Switzerland.
Whats the most boring country in the world?|Saudi Arabia.   Fun is a crime against Allah and a capital offense.
What is your favourite movie?|In which genre? It seems unfair to pit Goodfellas against Aliens against The Princess Bride etc.
Men of reddit, while pissing, do you aim for the water or the bowl's walls? Why?|I like to helicopter dick when i pee
What's your biggest regret?|Falling in love.
Military men, what fills your needs when you have no women around?|a holes a hole
Reddit has improved my life in so many ways. How has reddit been most influential in your life?|makes time go by quicker at work
What is the worst thing you've ever stepped on?|legos
What Colour is Your Country's Passport?|Dark blue, for America. I lost an old one I had in Chechnya as a child. It was the old separatist flag and the emblem was the emblem of the country. The Russian government hadn’t created new covers so the old ones were still used for awhile.
People who don’t meet the criteria of AskReddit’s, why do you answer?|talking to strangers > working
Hungry people of Reddit, What's your most favourite snack?|Hamburgers
People who’ve had a mom or wife come out as gay later in life, what was that like?|I feel like you always hear about dad’s coming out as gay after years of being in a straight relationship but you never hear about moms coming out as lesbian. What’s that story?
How often do you eat every fry in the basket/box/container?|Usually always
Collectors on Reddit, What's that hidden gem in your collection?|I found a small piece of obsidian which my best rock in my collection
reddit, what do you think is the best looking 2D game?|Castlevania SOTN still holds up well to me
What scene in a certain movie seems totally out of place from the rest of the film?|"The whole ""let's go save the space horses"" in The Last Jedi. That movie was pretty poor overall but that montage was taking the piss. We get it Rian, you hate capitalism...move along."
What is the craziest conspiracy theory you've ever heard from someone you know?|This guy at my work thinks the California wildfires (that started in late 2017) were deliberately set as a viral marketing campaign for the movie Only The Brave. Wut.
What was the silliest thing you've seen someone throw a tantrum over?|the airplane not having an espresso machine on it
What are some ways you can fuck over your HR department?|Quit.
Cat isn't using the litter tray, why is this?|Was it using it before? Do you have more than one cat? This could be a sign of a UTI, which is very common in cats, or of stress due to the litter being considered territory of another cat in your house. I would talk to a vet to be safe.
What would happen to our environment if all rats die?|No more Black Plague
What would happen if we put a giant mirror around our solar system?|Not much, not until the light actually all gets there and goes back.
Salespeople of Reddit, what are some of the coolest gifts/incentives/perks etc. you get for hitting your targets?|I had an uncle that painted cars but would often pull all nighters to make deadlines. He would get cocaine for is efforts.
What is something you can only appreciate once your older?|Time.
"Male Gynecologists of Reddit, What made you interested in joining the field? Also, are there an ""under representation"" of men in the profession?"|Prob they get to look at vaginas all day and get paid for that
How do you deal with a co worker you work with every day, that you can not stand?|Hire a hitman
What hobbies turn you OFF from a dating partner?|the party chicks
If the show What Would You Do was made back in the 1950s, what scenarios would they have?|A lot of racist scenarios where nobody stepped in
People of Reddit that are dying, what’s the one thing you learned that you wish others would learn sooner?|The most important thing that I ever learned is th
Redditors who live/work with a deaf person, what are some things that they do that they don't realize are noisy?|Sneeze
What song would you use for your Theme Music Power-Up?|so i put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
People who fall asleep easily, how do you do it?|keep a regular sleeping schedule. I used to do shift work and it took me forever to fall asleep. Now I go to bed at 10:00PM +/- 45 mins, and I wake up at 5:30 AM every single day and I can almost fall asleep as soon as my head hits the pillow.
If magic existed, what current day technology would be now obsolete or radically modified beyond recognition?|Flying
What is your favourite soundtrack from a film and why?|The Good the Bad and the Ugly. Anything by Morricone is solid Gold.
What lie did you tell that quickly got out of hand?|I told my workplace I was married and eventually ended up going on pat leave.
Reddit, what will be the end of the industry you work in?|Fire engineering, when the world is flooded.
I’m getting ready to do photo and video editing what would you recommend as good pc to start with?|I heard the new Lenovo ones are great to start with. Or basically any pc that has a solid video platform
What is the worst first date you've ever had?|It was all going ok until she walked me back to the train station and waited for the train with me, she started looking at POF on her phone.
What do you consider the worst memory you’ve had?|By trauma, somehow taking the wrong plane and getting lost in Transnistria without knowing any language as a child ranks lower than getting lost in the toy section in Target a few months afterward.
What's the first word that comes to mind when you think of Reddit?|The app.
What moment in gaming gave you “Gamers PTSD”?|Watching people burn to death from the flame thrower on WWII
"What ""as seen on TV"" product have you had that was actually really useful?"|Oxyclean
How long will it take until Musk's cherry red roadster turns white from unfiltered contact with the sun's UV rays?|1 year, 7 months, and 3 days.
What kind of Technology are you most looking forward to in the future??|Portal guns so i can suck my own di-
What condition will Teslas Roadster be in 100, 1000, 100,000, a million and a billion years if its just hanging around our solar system?|I wish I could truly know, because I don't know what solar radiation does to carbon fiber over time. But if it makes it to the astroid belt, it's probably going to be fucked. Dented and random holes all over the place. Fuck, if they could bring it back in 10 years it'd be amazing to see what has happened to it.
If you could take any game from your childhood and remaster it, what would you pick?|Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem
Why are school computers so goddamn slow?|they are using their dedidaded wam for the minecraft server
Have anyone ever (correctly) had a gut-feeling to dislike someone who, on the surface, was a cool person that everybody else liked? What's that story?|he just always looked at me funny, at everyone really. I just found it odd, always with his mouth slightly open and his jaw jutted out forward
What is your favorite boss battle song/music?|Dancing Mad. The answer will *always* be Dancing Mad. Sephiroth was a punk. All hail the Jester!
What song lyrics describe you, and why?|"""You were my first experiment, too bad I'm prone to failure."""
What happened to your big high school crush?|Turned out to be a Nice guy™. Dodged a bullet.
What gets you up everyday, despite all the things trying to drag you down?|The fact I'm not brave enough to willingly kill myself.
What one item under $20 do you now feel you can't live without?|Toilet paper
Pizza Delivery Drivers of Reddit, What was the worst delivery you've ever been on?|I'm not a pizza delivery drivers but I have had a few friends who actually ordered pizza then flirted with the driver....
How many times you use fuck off in a day?|never
What do you guys do at work when you just don't feel like doing anything?|Reddit
What is your physical imperfection?|i'm ugly
If edible, which Infinity Stone would taste the best?|Reality Stone because cherry.
What comments can be found on any comments section on Reddit?|OP's mom.
What story would you tell on Drunk History?|"Probably just let everyone know how good 'ol Georgie ""boy"" Washington led armies against Merican citizens (slaughtering them) for brewing up their own alcohol because it was cutting into his hard cider profits."
You were just sucked by Kirby. What powers does he now have?|He'll lose powers
Photographers, what ideas could you give for abstract photography?|Lawn chairs in black and white seem to be popular.
What are two events that took place in the same time in history but don't seem like they would have?|Guillotine executions and disco.
Why are American dogs so fat?|Myth: Dogs are special and different because they’ve lived with humans for thousands of years. Reality: Until the VERY recent historical past, dogs were useful outdoor creatures eating what they could scrounge up or be tossed out of convenience.  The cow throat.  The pig spine.  A still-born goat.  Bugs. Rodents  Cow shit.  Grass. Whatever.  It wasn’t brown pebbles of soybean oil, chicken feathers, and wheat flour.  They were fitter, more useful, no allergies, and perfectly fertile. Myth: OMG I HAVE TO RUN TO THE STORE SO MY FUR BABY DOESN’T GO HUNGRY.  We’re out of dog fooood!  He hasn’t eaten ALL DAY!!! Reality:  They are fine.  They are better than fine.  Their senses and activity levels come alive with hunger and when burning their own body fat stores.  In fact, it’s the best time to train and maintain their attention with food and toy rewards.  Far less picky about food too, if that’s ever been a problem. Myth: Dogs can’t eat bones are cartilage anymore. Reality:  When it’s raw, it’s perfectly fine.  They know what they can manage.  They have teeth.  Hard bones are recreational, soft bones like wings are just chewed up. Myth: Dogs aren’t prepared to deal with modern germy meat. Reality:  They’d be eating road kill and be fine doing it.   Myth: Parasites! Reality:  Not a myth, actually.  You should worm your dog occasionally, but mostly because it probably trots around where OTHER DOGS and wild carnivores and scavengers take a shit.  Not because of parasites in the human food supply. Myth: Bowel obstructions. Reality: No.  Toys obstruct them more than real food. Myth: Cracked Teeth!  Dogs are special and dainty! Reality:  They aren’t suicidal.  They know how to fucking eat and chew with caution. Reality: Breath is awesome Reality: They always void their own anal glands Reality: ZERO TARTAR Reality: No “dog smell” Reality: Dogs aren’t fur babies.  Let them be the plebians they want to be.
What did you buy with your first paycheque?|A good pair of earbuds to leave at work. Best $100 i've ever spent.
What is something you CAN do over and over and expect different results?|Flip a coin
What's something that will scare even your most scare-resistant friends?|Waking up and realizing that your phone didn’t charge overnight.
What is your go to karaoke song?|Eric Johnson - Cliffs of Dover
Why do you think globalisation is good or bad?|It's inevitable. What defines if it's beneficial or not is how we do or don't cope with it.
What's the rudest unintentional thing that someone said to you?|"I've been asked by several people why I have darker skin than my parents and my sister who are lighter skinned. 
I know right? People can be dumb. (Btw I'm Indian)"
How come some British songs, the singer has a noticeable accent, but others they do not?|It depends on vocal training usually. Most accents come from vowel pronunciation, and singers who are classically trained all pronounce vowels the same way, thus no accent is discernable.
What are some interesting sci-fi movies, made by major studios, in the past few years?|ex machina (2014)
If humans have been around in societies way longer than we previously had thought, why did it take so long for us to get to the technological stand point that we are at now?|What are you talking about?
Redditors with ADHD, how have proper meds affected your life?|Can focus better in school, eat less, but now I have a massive crash at about 7pm and my focus is gone
What would blow someones mind if they have never heard about it?|Pretty much everything Elon Musk does is mind blowing.
Those of you who didn't give your job a weeks notice and quit on the spot, why did you do it?|"Was a shit job anyway, but when I was in college, I waited tables at a 24-hour chain pancake restaurant. I worked the midnight shift, and the week before exams, I requested the early midnight shift (off at 3 am instead of 7 am).  They have it to me, but then when I’d show up for work, they would send the other server (who was to stay until 7) home early, because she would hit overtime, and make me stay until 7. I told them that I had exams, and if I was staying until 7, I needed the next night off. They said that I had to work, so I said that I was officially calling off for tomorrow. They told me i needed a doctor’s excuse to call off, and if I didn’t, I’d be terminated. 
I then said that either I don’t show up tomorrow and lose my job, or I walk out the door right now and lose my job, right? And they looked at me and said “yes”, so I left."
If you could build your own castle, what would it look like?|It would look like a huge pile of stone and wood, while I procrastinate and imagine a great fine castle some day.
If you could recast any characters in any movie who would it be and why?|Dane Dehaan, In Valerian and the city of a thousand planets
What’s your opinion on skipping class if it’s snowing outside?|You are dumb if you do it unless the school is closed. You are paying for an education, get that education.
If you experienced sudden amnesia and met someone that claimed to be your friend from before your memory loss, what’s one thing they could tell you to prove that they knew you?|There’s something, but I can’t  remember......
If Elon Musk lands on Mars first, who's flag will he put in the ground?|Tesla's.
What word can you not pronounce?|Opening, I always say openening. I pronounce a lot of words wrong on purpose or just out of habit, aspartame I pronounce kinda like a-sparta-me, and I pronounce ask like axe.
What has been your experience by doing taxes with H&R and TurboTax vs. a local Tax preparer business?|Took me about 10 minutes with turbotax. Did it right when I got my W2
What is the best way to watch TV?|With food and the lights off
What is the most peaceful country in the world?|Switzerland
What famous quotes were never said?|"""Beam me up Scotty."""
Where is the most beautiful place you've been?|victoria falls
Has anyone ever been rude to you on reddit - what happened?|Yes, it's Reddit. Nothing came of it.
Has anyone ever gone through with a marriage pact? You know, like a “if we’re not married by 30 we’ll marry each other”. How did it work out?|If you're not married by the time you're 30 OP, you and I will seal the deal. I get to pitch though..
People from all walks of life have been expressing their boundless gratitude to Kim Jong Un for the greatest Winter Olympics of the present age. What do you wish to thank the Supreme Leader for today?|I'd like to thank his family for making me realize 11 hole-in-ones in a row on the golf course is completely possible.
Men of Reddit. What are some jerking off tips for a guy who thinks he's doing something wrong?|I don't see how you can get it wrong....grab cock....pump that shit.....orgasm......then revel in your self loathing
Veteran redditors, what is your most impressive reminder done by the RemindMeBot ?|The safe. Ohh wait. That was just full of spiders and disappointment.
what article title did you misread and resulted in something more hilarious then what the title originally meant?|"Not exactly the situation you posted about - I miswrote a title while taking notes in a college lecture. We were reading ""The Crying of Lot 49"" by Pynchon and my professor likened the story to Alice falling down the rabbit hole. My brain apparently told my hands to write ""Alice and her WonderHole.""  During a pause in the lecture - I re-read what I had written and lol'ed so hard he came over and asked what was so funny. I just handed him my notebook and he proceeded to read aloud what I had written. He commented that I must watch very interesting porn and handed me back my notes.  I saw him a few years later and he asked me how Alice's hole was."
What weird thing you want to throw in the outer space?|Trump
How and/or why humans began to congregate to do the equivalent of partying (alcohol, drugs, dance, music)?|We've probably been doing it since before we were homo sapiens.
Women, what did guys think were hints but really weren't?|Can we go like 1 day without one of these questions or some sort of a variation of them
If you had the ways and means of Elon Musk, what would you send out into space that is an extension of you?|I'd make the moon into a disco ball.
What is the minimum horsepower you would recommend in a shop vac for picking up hay from a carpet?|I would suggest something attached to a small block V8.
What will you do when you think you are alone?|Smoke weed in the house.
How do you think Aliens might respond to hazy cosmic jive?|"by saying ""let all the children boogie."""
What is written on top of the washington monuments?|Google is your friend
Concerning those who label right-wingers as fascist, what exactly does the right have in common with Benito Mussolini?|*This is where the fun begins*
What is the most disgusting edible thing you have ever put in your mouth?|marmite
Those who have confessed their love to their best friend and were rejected, what was the aftermath and how did you get over it?|We fucked super hard and then she never talked to me again. Ghosted me super hard. I continued to be single for about 3 more years, while depressed about it.
What’s the worst mishap you’ve seen at a gym?|365lbs power clean dropped strait on a pinky toe. Split the toe in half.
Which mythical person do you wish were real, and why?|A girl that’s right for me.
"When you got your first ""real"" job, what did you do with your first paycheck?"|down payment on new car
What are some hobbies you find hot in a dating partner?|Playing a musical instrument
Redditors who were old enough to see the moon landing, how do you feel that we might be sending people to Mars soon?|"It seems kinda redundant.  We don't need to send people - we have much better AI and instrumentation now.  Seems like we'd get more bang for the buck sending a couple instrumented rovers.  This whole idea looks very ""bread and circuses"" to me."
Parents of Reddit, what's the most challenging thing about traveling with kids?|Finding that pacifier/bottle that’s fallen between the baby car seat and he door without stopping the car.
If Star Trek goes to war with Star Wars who do you fight for?|Star Wars
Reddit, what’s the worst case of obvious projection you have witnessed?|Hispachan's /ve/ is the worst case of obvious projection I've seen
How is a British childhood different than an American childhood?|Weight.
What's the weirdest way you are a perfectly normal piece of food when you were a kid?|I was flan when I was young, but then grew out of that and became pizza, and occasionally pasta. And now I'm a big ole cupcake.
What is something widely encouraged but actually bad for you?|Alcohol.
Who all agrees that quantity is more important than quality when it comes to pizza?|There’s a balance. If the pizza is shit, why would you want more than 1 slice. But if the pizza is perfect, you’re going to want more.
What video game series would you like to see make a comeback?|Fable
Which is the most visited tourist place in the world?|amarica
What are the most extreme lengths you have seen someone go to in an effort to show off or appear 'cool'?|"**Hillary Clinton** trying to *""get down with the kids""* 
Ughhhh"
Redditors of Reddit, what is something that you know is realistically not your fault, but you still feel tremendous guilt over?|My fucking mood swings
Health inspectors of Reddit, what are some places you absolutely won't eat at?|That shady Chinese restaurant in the ghetto part of town.
People of Reddit who were unfortunately shot, how did it happen and how did it feel?|It happened on Christmas morning. I was in some old-timey house I think. I had just walked in the room past this guy who looked friendly. Unfortunately as it turns out he was on the enemy team. He shot me in the back with a shotgun. That was my first death in Battlefield 1. It felt awful. It took me like 20 seconds to build up the courage to spawn in again.
What's the lamest thing you can buy with $50?|A 21 Pilots t shirt and CD
What's a guy mean when he says you checked all his boxes and some he didn't know he had?|That you meet all of his qualifications to be a victim of his illegal organ harvest for the black market, and are a nice person to boot.
Lip readers of reddit, how do you do it?|By watching people's lips move while they speak
What’s the best way to spend a25$ iTunes gift card?|Sell it to someone for $25
What do you think about when you’re falling asleep?|wtf i'm doing with my life
What were you surprised to find out about your spouse when you got married?|her penis is bigger than mine
Who's your favorite historical character?|Teddy Roosevelt
People who ended up in a career that they never expected to be in, what is your story?|"In 2005 I went to RIT in their new media publishing program. It was a combination of web design, graphic design and printing etc. In the summer of 2007 I got an internship with the power company. It had nothing to do with my major, but I needed something for the summer. A family friend worked for said power company and suggested I apply. Sure enough I got a spot. After the fall quarter (yes, quarter, RIT was/is fucked up) I got suspended for non-academic reasons. To keep it succinct I will say I got suspended for doing the same shit that every other college kid does, I just got caught.  The power company allowed many of the interns to work nights and weekends, or during school breaks. I came back and said my school plans had ""changed"" and they gave me 40 hours a week.  Ten years later I am still with the utility. I am a journeyman lineman, I've been doing that for over five years. I never would have imagined I would be climbing poles and hold a 7,620volt line in my hand, and I never would have had a clue what something like hot-sticking is.  Alas, here I am, writing this while on the clock, because it's a god damn blizzard out, and we only do emergency work when the weather is bad."
If every rapper became farmers who would have the freshest beets?|Kanye West hands down!  His crop would be fertilized by all his BS.
What are your tricks to get over your fear of flying?|If you had to drive that 1500 or so miles in a car think about all the idiot drivers, half asleep truck drivers, countless speed traps, bad weather, fatigue from driving. And you just flew over all of it in 2 hours. And all you had to put up with was a like airport stress. Enjoy your flight get a window seat and look at the world.
Parents who have had more than three to ten kids, why did you do it? Isn't overpopulation a thing?|Not in the western world overpopulation isn't a thing, especially not from reproduction. Japan's gonna be fucked relatively soon if they don't start either a) making babies or b) letting in immigrants.
In your field, what’s something that’s cutting edge?|The box cutters.
Resigning from current job, nervous, excited, how to approach current managers?|Don't tell them until you have only 2 weeks. Be polite, professional, don't burn bridges. They ask you why, just say wanted to try something new. Don't bad mouth or complain about anything or anyone. If you are staying in the same industry you might meet your ex colleagues in future or work with them. If you tell them too early they might try to persuade you to stay, give a counter offer, or even worse, fire you, either now, or after finding someone else. They know you are going to leave and will try to find a replacement while you are still here and can use you. It is sad but most companies treat employees as a resource and a statistic, you have to look out for yourself.
What are the names of some games that combine FPS mechanics/multiplayer matches, Survival mechanics, and RPG styled leveling mechanics? Are they any good?|I currently play 7 days to die but I'm looking for something that also includes playing multiplayer matches. If I could take fortnite, give it an infinitely generating map with permanent bases, and work in call of duty and PUBG styled matches I'd play it in a heartbeat. I think I'm dreaming but I'm sure someone knows some other options out there. thanks.
If you were in charge of the flat earth society. How would you try to “explain” a car in space?|He drove off the edge.
If you could attend any class taught by any person, dead or alive, what would be the class and who would be the teacher?|Feymann's Lectures on Physics
What is the most recent challenge you overcame?|I’m waiting for someone to say tide pod challenge
What are superstitions in your country?|It's bad luck to wish someone Happy Birthday before their actual birthday in germany. Better to be a week late than a day early.
What purchase has completely changed how you enjoy your hobby ?|I've found a headlamp to be a great improvement over holding a flashlight while working around the house or garage.
Ur q in basement is actually the first day of treating a ln omellrtr why and what they?|careful OP, I think you just had a stroke
What was the most disastrous family event you ever had?|Nearly every holiday with my mom and dad. My dad always got ridiculously drunk. He would be a dick to my mom and my mom would cry. Usually same with me. Then there would be yelling, crying again, vomit...ah fun family holidays
You can ask a famous person, living or dead, one single question and they will answer with complete honesty. Who and what are you asking?|tSwizzle : do you like me, *like me*?
How short was your shortest moving on process and why or what did you do?|"Honestly like 10 minutes. We broke up while I was at a party and found someone to ""comfort"" me."
When is the best time you should start implanting hair on your head so people won't ever find out you're balding?|When you start balding
What is a good skill to learn?|Communication, without it, life’s not easy
What little thing can we all do to make the world better ?|Not being a filthy cow that throws their trash out the window of their car.
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?|I go over the speed limit.
What are your favourite WWII stories from grandparents?|I recently came across recordings from my wife's grandfather detailing many of his stories. I'd like to see if I can find more personal anecdotes from both sides of the conflict. It would be great to find more recordings or writings for reference.
Gamers, why do you play video games?|Mostly to escape real life
People who have done ancestry/DNA tests, what result(s) shocked you and why?|My mom grew up on a reservation. We grew up just assuming we were Cherokee. My childhood was a clusterfuck of chaos, I didn't know any of my relatives, so I decided I wanted some sort of identity and did 23 and me. I'm.2% Native American. My mom is going to flip the fuck out, because her whole life has been a lie. I haven't told her yet, I don't know how to.
People who actually like their jobs, how'd you find it?|Oooh! I’d love to hear this!
What else do you think Elon Musk could have put inside the Roadster that nobody knows about?|Notes for his people that detail Earth's weaknesses
What is something you realized you had been doing inefficiently for years?|Eating chicken wings.  Pull out the small bone first.  Then you have a bunch of meat on one bone similar to a drumstick.
Why should/n’t parents swear around their kids?|It's a social construct of what is acceptable and not acceptable. My SO family curses around their kid, 15yo now and curses at home but not in a disrespecting way just as adjectives and adverbs.
If you had access to a store's intercom, like walmart or cosco, what would be the one thing you say?|"You don’t get the showwwwww.  
Compliments the Dan Lebatard show."
What were you convinced you invented/came up with till you got your truth shattered?|Vag-itarian. I thought it was hilarious and that I, as a human being, would transcend my mortal shell. Then I heard someone use it two weeks later and I was utterly defeated
What's the funniest way you've heard a guy describe how hot a girl is?|"""I'd eat a mile of her shit just to see where it came from"""
What's the least deserving comment to ever get gilded?|I've gilded a few comments that just said they wanted gold. No story or anything, just asking for gold. It was pointless but I like to make people's day sometimes.
What is the most nostalgic sound from when you were a kid?|Hey. Hey listen!
What song are you listening to right now?|My interior monologue. Shhh, pipe down up there. No, I will not kill OP.
What should you never do if you are a character in a horror movie?|Go to the place where the scary sound came from. Like wtf why?
What is something you were born with that people tease you about?|I'm Ginger
What have you done that you regret the most and why?|I quit the best paying job I’ve ever had that would have led to a career. Why? Because I suffer from severe anxiety.
What are the best national parks you have been to?|Banff, Jasper, Waterton, Kootenay, Yoho, Auyuittuq. They're all so beautiful! Look at pictures from any of them and you'll see.
"What was the ""incident"" in your town?"|Cancer Alley is what our area is called.
What is the most addictive/interesting subreddit you know?|WritingPrompts. I always thought of myself as an exceptional writer, until I stumble upon that subreddit and realize that I am nothing short of amateur at the most.
What's a good way to make extra money while not working?|YouTube videos if you have a personality
What is a reddit link you have saved that you think others should see/read?|I'll start: https://www.reddit.com/r/Documentaries/comments/5zgr47/alone_in_the_wilderness_2004_handbuilding_a_cabin/ Edited with a working youtube link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYJKd0rkKss
What word in your native language is untranslatable in English?|"""Intraducible"" means untranslatable in spanish."
What is considered good when it can be described as both wet and crusty?|That question would makes good “your mom” joke
Members of Reddit, what are some possible supernatural events that happened to you that you can't explain no matter how hard you try?|One of my two 3 ring binder clips duplicated itself in front of my eyes. It didn’t break, it wasn’t there before, I was just looking at it for some reason and it suddenly just popped off of the original one. This happened 2 weeks ago and I still can’t understand why or how.
What should you be doing right now?|My wife
What is meant by density?|You’re pretty dense not to use google for this one.
Why do criminals repeat offend?|They know how profitable it is.
Fellow Redditors, what do you find the best pizza to be around where you live?|Chicagoan checking in. I don't have to look far to find good pie.
In your experience, do you think high school actually prepares students for college? Why?|Some do, many don't. I couldn't believe how many people were completely unprepared for college level writing. I wasn't great myself, but I was way ahead of them.
For those who have been through it, what was it like living in a house that was ‘haunted’?|It was very interesting, lots of different crazy stuff, nothing bad at all.
People who grew up religious and later defected, what changed your mind / turned you off religion?|"Logic and critical thinking.
*Seriously...not meant to be sarcastic*"
What are some websites/apps you love that you feel don't have the community or appreciation it deserves?|RunPee The app that tells you when the best time to pee during a movie.
Dudes, what sort of chick things do you totally love?|Boobs
Transplant redditors where are you from & where are you now?|From St. Louis, live in Kansas City.
Hey Reddit, can someone who works in a movie theater tell me, is there really an official rule against bringing in your own food or drinks?|There is at Cineplex in Canada.
What was your worst tinder date?|I can’t remember the actual date, but it was the night my wife found my tinder account.
In what ways do you think humans will evolve in the next million years or so?|In a million years, human will no longer be humans.   We will all be a comprehensive combination of Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking.
What is something you wish you told someone sooner?|Watch out for that truck!
What is a word people use to seem like they're smart?|Per say, Intellectual, and using theoretical when it doesn't apply. In my experience, those types of people usually are insecure about their intelligence and or have some driving force making them feel the need to be above others.
What is your highest achievement in life?|I went to bed a reasonable hour sometime last week
What sitcom is the best to binge?|The Office. forever
What was your best sexual experience?|FFM threesome
What do you actually *do* at work?|I actually work
What are some long term relationship milestones for couples that never want to get married?|"Pretty similar to married couples but without ""wedding"".  Moving in together.  Purchasing a house or making a long-term living plan.  Creating plans for financials (even if keeping financials separate).  Choosing whether to have kids/have kids and raise kids.  Choosing whether to buy a pet/buying a pet."
What brand names do you wear and which are your favourite?|None, it's all too expensive and not worth it at all.
Did you watch the Super Bowl? If so, why?|No, playing with nephews and nieces.
What is something you've wanted to do but gender stigmas stop you from doing it?|Get a hysterectomy.
The last item you bought is found on Mars by NASA. What do they see?|I was drunk, I ordered a gripi sleeve for a yeti cup I don’t own and *squeeky voice*  50 surgical masks.
What is a game that people NEED to play?|Portal 1&2 Kotor1&2
What are two acronyms/abbreviations that you would not want to mix up?|AA and AAA
What are some good tips for losing weight?|Chew gum, curbs hunger.
People of Reddit who have taken high doses of psychedelics, what was your experience like?|I ate mushrooms.   On many occasions.  The trip is different from batch to batch.  Trees blowing in the wind were terrifying tho.  Tile floors can be awful.  And if a face melts, eat as much ice cream as you can and hope for a sugar coma.
So what we saw and had to hear Sunday night was the most cutting edge musical artist, society has to offer in this day and age ?|what a sad and pathetic  choice !  I feel so sorry for pop music these days.
what are your thoughts on pawternity leave?|The hell is that?
Veterans of Reddit, what are some tips for new users that they may find useful?|Don't argue.  People that expend that much energy on arguing in forums are just bored.
What is your famous dish in cooking?|Cup of noodles
What is a hobby that can be picked up easily for beginners?|Geocaching
What's the worst thing you've ever spilled on yourself?|I spilled hot soup on myself at work. What made it worse was that it was a kale and bean soup, and some of it got into my shoe. I had hot beans and kale getting squished between my toes, and I have no words for how gross that was.
Who was the most loving alive person in 2017?|oprah
A magical counter keeps track of everything you've done in your lifetime, what one thing would you like reveled on your deathbed?|How many times I've smiled
What is the worst sound have your ever heard?|REpOSt
What have you done for your neighbor that most of us probably wouldn’t do for a neighbor?|His wife
What lie did you believe for the longest time?|Inb4 religion, abusive parents, and Santa Claus
What's the most amount of money you found on the ground, and what did you do with it?|$20 turned it in at the customer service desk.
Hey Scientologists, what is it exactly you believe? And why do yall get such a bad rap?|South park does a great job of covering this for you. Most scientogist don't have commercial use to internet because they may be influenced by dissenting opinions that could shake the very foundation of their beliefs. I'm not even exaggerating here, they're almost entirely forbidden to speak to the outside world about their religion. If they do they could be expelled from the church and labeled as dissenters. I didn't want to answer because I'm not a scientologist, but good fucking luck getting a genuine and still practicing one to even see this post.
What scene in a movie or television show does the actor execute perfectly?|The billiard scene in Carlito's Way imo.
People who have been involved in Greek Life, what was some of the worst hazing you experienced or watched someone experience?|At the U of MD, a black fraternity would carve the Greek letters into the pledges with a knife.  They got banned for this eventually.
How many people have you slept with?|Twenty.
Teachers of reddit, what’s the most memorable gift a student has given you?|A very nice Parker pen with my name on it. I love pens.
If you were a crayon, what color and name would you be?|Vaginal Pink.
PhDs of Reddit: How is life after graduate school?|What life?
What are you getting your SO for Valentines day?|Let's figure this out together while we still have time -  What are you getting your significant other for Valentines day?
How much fucking is there between the athletes at the Olympics?|I don't know, but I bet it is a lot more than one would guess.
What is your fandom's magnum opus?|DBZ Abridged
What is the worst story you can tell about yourself on a first date?|I had testicle surgery when I was 15
Old people of reddit. Why do you willingly fly south 8 months out of the year and then complain that you never see your kids/grandkids?|I think that's two separate subgroups you're talking about there.  Rich early retirees fly south.  Older, poorer people complain that they never see their grandkids.   Both will tell you to get off'n my lawn though.
How did you end up in the wrong profession?|In every job I had I would always end up becoming the unofficial IT guy, I was able to figure out how to fix most problems without much trouble so at my last job when I saw an opening in that department I went for it. I loved it at first but over time I became the guy everyone went to for even the slightest problem and since it was now my job and not just something I did to help people they started to get demanding and have ridiculous expectations of me. I ended up hating it and now that I'm out I keep my head down at work and don't offer my help even if the solution is screaming at me and would only take a few seconds.
How many unread emails do you have?|None because I hate seeing the red number notification on iPhone.
What person pre-1700 had the most interesting life?|Marco Polo
Redditors with a good education who are poor: why?|Because I decided to be a teacher and no one cares about us.  Seriously. My friends who are significantly less educated work at these beautiful offices that give them food and throw parties and have events and get bonuses and give out swag.  Here I am packing turkey sandwiches everyday and just scraping by.
What in life gives you the most satisfaction?|Friends, family and faith.
Which skill had you learned very late in your life that others learned very early in their's?|How to wipe my butt, I don’t quite have it yet. I wipe side to side.
What is something recurring(whether it be situational/physical/material) at work that really annoys you?|Woman behind my back chews with an open mouth
What is one item you would put in a time capsule?|This just reminded me that we have a time capsule that we built inside my parents' house! There was a doorway that my dad wanted blocked off so it would be a wall. We put a time capsule in there! We put dated newspapers and some photos. I was a kid that collected weird stuff and I had a set of ceramic salt and pepper shakers that were angels and I wrote a note to go along with them. I should call my dad and remind him about it! I bet he forgot!!
What will you never tell your spouse about?|Nice try SO
What motivational speech/scene from a movie do you play through in your mind most often when trying to motivate yourself?|Rocky's speech from Rocky Balboa(2006) followed by Gonna Fly Now. After that, I'm ready to take on the world
What is the better of the resturants: Mcdonalds, Wendy's, or Burger King?|Wendy’s Edit: McDonald’s is never fresh always frozen And as the rotw would say “ Burger King ruins everything it touches”
What unique goals would you like to achieve before you die?|I'd like to hunt a wild grizzly. I'm not sure how unique that really is, but I'd love the experience.
What is the most overrated travel destination?|Paris: it's expensive, people are rude, and it smells like urine.
Flat earthers of reddit, what did you think of the Falcon Heavy launch?|Seems like a big waste of fuel to me.  Why not just put the payload in a wheelbarrow and dump it off the edge?  But who am I to judge?  Fire the rocket straight up off the earth the hard way if that's what floats your roadster.
How do you usually react when walking down a long and empty aisle, towards someone you barely know?|"Give them that weird head nod and maybe say *""Hey (insert name of person I barely know)""*"
What’s the worst case of phone addiction you’ve seen?|Watching YouTube dash cam videos of people being so moronic while driving and texting, live streaming etc... and causing their own death as well as injury and death to others
Are tacos or pizza better, and why?|Pizza duh.  Lol, what sort of question is that?
How would you want your future kids to watch or interact with technology/tv/media?|not until a certain age
Redditors who grew up but are no longer religious, what influenced you change your mind about religion?|life honestly
What is your worst pimple story?|"This one time I had a fat pimple right under my eye.
 
I popped it, then I had acne in that same spot for like 3 months."
How did you end up sleeping with your friend's mother?|I woke up with my penis in her mouth.
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the worst student meltdown you’ve ever dealt with ?|Ohhhhhh I’ve seen a ton of crazy student meltdowns.  One memorable one was a student that was like a goddam Tasmanian Devil. She was ripping everything off the walls, throwing keyboards and flipping over tables. The principal took about two minutes to get there, and was awestruck at the chaos.  She restrained the student and escorted her out, and the student returned about 2 hours later to clean up the room. She was kicked out shortly thereafter.
what foods/drinks do you avoid consuming in public? Why?|Banana. I look weird eating a banana.
What's a popular life motto that goes against yours?|*What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.* Bullshit. Debilitating illnesses can leave you bed ridden for the rest of your life. Losing a limb definitely puts you at a disadvantage in the normal world. There are so many situations where that's wrong.
Rich people of reddit, how did you gain your fortune?|Bitconnect
What’s the dumbest reason you’ve been yelled at for?|Making a game winning shot
People who don't eat the pizza crust, why?|I don't really feel like eating calories of food I don't enjoy.
What’s something you repeatedly did as a child that you thought you got away with, but your parents knew the whole time?|Not really as a kid but as a teenager I always “snuck out” my parents later told me they always heard the car.
What is the best/favorite job you've had?|Working at an arcade/LAN center. I literally got paid to play counterstrike and sign people in once in a while.
Who was someone you really liked but after getting to know them you were turned off?|There was this really cute girl i liked. We became friends and after that i noticed that she was very boring. I guess her looks made up for her personality
How often do you use your cell phone?|As a traditional cell phone? About once a year.
What does your cat like to play with?|anything I can throw and he can chase after. his absolute favorite thing is a ball of foil.
What’s a snack combination that you enjoy that others would probably find disgusting?|Not a frequent snack, but I like dipping french fries in chocolate milkshakes
Why is the falcon heavy 3 rockets, and not just one big rocket?|Because engineers.
How long was your longest telephone conversation?|My boyfriend and I talked on the phone once for about 13 hours, with a short break in between (like 30-45 minutes). If we can't count that one because of the short break, then one time we spoke for 7 hours straight on a random Sunday, lol.
What's the weirdest thing you've done while your brain was on autopilot?|Drive home from work
When was a moment that you realised you took something too far?|"Not me, but a friend of mine. 
Myself, him, our girlfriends and an other friend were all going to sonic after a dance in my friend's girlfriend's truck. 
We had ordered and were just chillin, talking about random shit, when my friend said ""oh, yeah, we're in an abusive relationship"" after his girlfriend playfully elbowed him. Now, this made everyone go scilent because of the look on his girlfriend's (I'll call her M) face. 
He (I'll call him R) had been in one relationship before, and it was relatively short. M had been through a few relationships the latest of which had been abusive. 
She was instantly hurt, asking him why he'd say that. He nervously chuckled and said that she'd said it once before and they laughed at it, to which she responded by saying that they were in private at the time. 
They kept going on about it, and at some point she started to try and make jokes that were like ""Hey, Arch, can you take R home? JK!"" 
They finally made up, but only after I pulled him aside and explained that there are some things you simply don't joke about in public, even if you joke about them in private, and that it's not so much that he made the joke, but more so that he made it around friends that M really holds dear and that she doesn't want them to judge her or him or their relationship. 
My girlfriend pulled M aside and basically told her that R didn't mean it, and was just trying to joke along. 
He's a very sheltered kid, and is not all that great about social interactions, if you couldn't tell. So they finally made up, and were able to communicate their emotions effectively. We were all really proud of that. It takes some massive balls to put yourself out there like that, and they did it.  Tl;Dr - Friend made a bad joke, GF got mad at him, he doubled down, they finally talked it out and are better off because of it."
Reddit, how’d you deal with the loss of a pet?|You just gotta let yourself feel sad about it and let things resolve themselves in their own time. Don't rush it or try to numb it. The pain of loss is normal and healthy. Let it happen.
Straight A students in college, what is your secret?|Hard work.  Genetics.   I guessing my gpa was a 1.15
Why are you the way you are?|Childhood trauma and genes
What are some funny song lyrics that you misheard?|"Beginning of Pantera - Domination ""Fart stinks like a mother f**ker"" (thats what I thought it said) I still don't know what it really said to this day, different people say different things"
Why do many people hate public housing?|nobody hates public housing, many will even agree that it's a good and necessary idea.  but it breeds resentment when you work two jobs and pay 600 in rent every month while the deadbeat gets to live and eat for free.  granted a massive generalization, but you asked a general question therefore you get a general answer.
Who is your favorite and least favorite character on Mad Men?|Don and Pete respectively.
What grammatical errors/misspellings really annoy you?|Advise/advice. That and the correct usage of whom, but I've pretty much given up on that one.
What are some of the worst rules that your company has made and then enforced?|We have to walk all the way around this really long fence then back up to the building to take out trash rather than walk through the gate right by building because it may be slick sometimes.  It's -25° and we have to do this.
What’s your “I’ll never forget where I was when...” moment that wasn’t a huge National/International event?|I definitely remember 9/11 very vividly. I watch the second plane go into the tower live. Then spent the rest of the day glued to the TV. That and my dad was at the pentagon that day and I couldn't get ahold of him for several hours.
How would you feel about a law that requires anyone under the age of 25 to pass a specialized test in order to have children?|Why limit it to the age of 25 ? Idiots grow up too and a decrepit moron is no better than a young one.
What do you keep “just in case”?|A wife
Former skinny people of reddit, how has your life changed since working out?|it hasn't
What is something adults could really benefit from if schools taught them it at a young age?|Ettiquite classes. Classes on how to communicate effectively.
What sort of shitty rule do you have for your significant other?|Give me all the money or you walk the plamk
Im have issues with my app. Its refreshing and sending me back home if i don’t open it for a little while and it’s causing me to lose posts i’m in the middle of reading. i’m still getting used to everything here and i haven’t fully formed any habits like saving my posts and stuff. what’s going on?|You need a new phone
What are your three favorite things about where you live?|Countryside, forest nearby, everybody talks like samwise gamgee.
What subreddits best describe who you are?|r/cattaps
Pet owners, what accent does your pet have?|Down’s syndromes
When did you start browsing new askreddit posts?|just now
What is one thing you can cook better than anyone you know?|I make a mean hot or lean pocket
What was definitely made on drugs?|"""The Bird is the Word"""
Reddit, what have you eliminated from your daily life to improve it?|Facebook
People without kids, of reddit, if you decide to have children, what will you never do when raising them?|Let them be so fearful of the world that they deny peoples' basic human rights.
You're given immortality but as a cost you are sent back 3000 years - would you accept and what would you do?|That's tough... Can I take my 2 sons with me?
Have you ever let your physical appearance stop you from doing something, what was it and why?|Working out.  I’m underweight.
What do you SWEAR you saw, but don't have any proof of?|**A peaceful Muslim.** I get so much slack from the guys for saying it but I swear I saw one. My phone was charging inside at the time so I didn't get a pic. Next time maybe...if there is a next time.
If you were a Billionaire launching your own rocket, what object would be your first payload into space?|I have no idea, but I'd certainly make it a giant phallic object that shrunk by collapsing a series of cylinders upon themselves slowly after delivering its payload for all of the world to see.
What would make you extremely happy?|To be out of debt.
What is your favorite ending of a video game?|MGS3
What's a picture that you would swear is photoshopped when it actually isn't?|Any photo of bioluminescent creatures makes me do a double take.
What is the most valuable skill to possess in today’s world?|Charm. You can get by with no other skills if you're charming enough
Where are you reading this post from right now?|My science class, in Missouri.
With the reddit rule change, what on earth was r/deepfakes?|r/deepfakes was a sub with AI computer learning that would let you take say, Taylor Swift's face and put it on Riley Reid's body
You have to live in an apartment with a celebrity named Bill for the next year. Which Bill would you choose?|Bill Murray!
What do you think when you see a woman riding a motorcycle?|The dude fell off.
What’s something small that you accomplished today that you’re proud of?|I got my old 2008 gaming keyboard to work with Windows 10. Yes!
What weird things do you do when you like someone?|Ask them to get a life insurance policy and then propose to them
Lucid dreamers of Reddit, what was the reaction of your dream characters after you told them they are in a dream?|I never thought of doing that when I lucid dreamed!  almost makes me want to start practicing again...
When did you realize you had to lose some weight?|When I saw the tagged pictures of me on social media.
What is the best/worst sport?|cricket
Who was your best college professor and why?|"Dax Norman, digital artist, Arts Entertainment and Technology professor.
He made art pop for me in a “if he can do it” type of way. Whenever I doubted myself he was quick to disprove me in my tracks and always welcomed spur of the moment work. He was/is an arsenal of knowledge, made me redefine passion."
Redditors who signed and later broke a no-compete contract, what happened when you broke the contract?|Thankfully nothing but it was a scary year. The NC happened quite suddenly, my company was purchased and we were pretty much told to sign it or quit, and I'd just had minor surgery the previous week, and felt I had no choice and no energy to hire a lawyer and look into my options. When I quit I did so on the best terms I could, even did some freelance work for them. But I didn't take a full breath until that year was up.
Flat earthers of Reddit. What say you now with the new un-photoshopped photos of the Tesla Roadster and Spaceman?|All fakes man, just like the moon landing.
Managers, what’s the hardest part of firing long term employees?|Completely fucking their life to put it bluntly. Firing a long term employee (which I would say is >10 years or so), isn't just them losing their job, it's their whole way of life, it's who they are and have been for 10years. Most of their friends are from work and all that jazz and you're ending it.
What parenting mistakes have you made, despite vowing not to?|Letting them play games on our phones at the table.  It's my birthday and I wanted to eat in peace for once, dammit!
What would be the most horrifying thing to happen in a bathroom?|a spider coming from beneath the toilet.
Hey reddit, what are some smart financial tips?|Just because you have money, doesn't mean you have money to spend. It really should go without saying but apparently not.
What is a happy sounding song with lyrics that are actually depressing/sad?|I don’t know if Bohemian Rhapsody has a happy tune, or not, but I feel that the lyrics are darker than the tone of the tune puts on.
Any good playlists on Spotify for when you feel like utter crap ?|Depends on what music you prefer... I dig the Indie Acousitc playlist when I’m down.
University/ college dropouts, what did you after you left education?|I wandered from one dead end job to the next for three years, and then became really depressed and decided it was time to go back and try again.
What would your friends and family be mortified to find out about you if they read your Reddit posting/comment history?|nothing, they already know that I'm one crazy mothafucka'
What will still be a thing when living on mars?|Flat Mars conspiracy theorists. (You just wait...)
Web developers of reddit: why do government websites so often seem to run poorly, slowly, and typically have major design issues?|Government is full of morons.
Have you ever met someone where you've questioned his humanity?|Yes. He's called InvisibleChell.
People of reddit, what's your Hotel horror story?|We went to a hotel for our church marriage retreat and obviously every couple got their own room and when we got ours, our AC didn’t work so when we went to the desk to ask for help they told us the maintenance guy didn’t come in Tunis Tuesday because Monday was a holiday and some church members came down saying that they had bed bugs and the guy took off his shirt and he had so many red bumps on his back. It was disgusting, we left immediately and went home.
Redditors, what's your craziest story about THAT family on your street / in your town / community?|They were Protestant. (I'm Irish)
What was that one time you almost died?|"I was an idiot kid and never looked both ways before I crossed so I almost got ran over twice. 
My older brother saved me both of those times.. I owe him my life."
Mechanics of Reddit what do customers do that pisses you off the most?|i hate it when company reps for the shop we do warranty work for spook the shop as fake customers with mob on hand and lawyers in tow
What is the worst act of racism you have seen/been subjected to?|Black people at work being rude and blatantly ignoring ONLY the white people while going out of their way to greet and help only the other black people.
What’s the biggest snowball of lies you’ve witnessed?|I'm in a band with a guy who's 19.  Lies: He went to Alabama state for free on the gi bill after serving in the marines for two years after getting discharged for getting shot in the neck in battle. He's currently working at hardees.  We all just kinda let it slide...
Who should win the U.S. Soccer Federation Presidential election this weekend? Why?|Alexei Lalas
What will be a first world problem in 100 years?|The crack that still exists in American toilet stalls.
What did you truly enjoy doing as a kid?|Playing video games with my family. Me, my mom and my two sisters would play Mario Kart and Mario Party together, but it always ended with someone throwing a fit because they lost
How far from your childhood home do you live?|0 feet; I live in my childhood home.
How was work yesterday?|Good
What was the last thing that made you laugh so hard you had tears in your eyes?|"My friend with an afro was driving through Alabama with a friend. They stopped at a general store and the lady working there asked ""y'all poets?"""
I wanna create a sub to attract only like-minded people and keep/kick out anybody who I do not see as like-minded. Ideas on possibility of that? Strategy advice?|Just call the sub your name, write all of the sub rules to be how you think, and kick anyone who breaks the rules
What does it mean when someone feels guilty after sex?|that they have very serious mental health issues and should seek help for them.
Ladies and Gents of Reddit, how often do you go grocery shopping and how long does the food typically last?|Weekly, a week.
At what point did you decide your boss was simply asking for too much?|When he told me I was going to be laid off but then asked me to come in to train my replacements
What’s a body part that you wouldn’t mind losing?|Are pubes a body part?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?|Siracha and peanut butter on my burgers. Don’t know it till you try it.
Deaf people of Reddit, what do you think people who can hear take for granted the most about hearing?|How easy it is for you to communicate with the random people you meet in daily life. You don't have to jump through hoops just to say hi!
What’s your favourite drinking game?|Watch CNN. Take a shot every time something negative is said about Trump
Redditors who’ve dated their ex’s sibling, how did it go?|My brother married his ex's sister. So pretty well
You get to go back in time to any point in your life and live from then on. How far back do you go and what do you do different?|I go back to an hour ago and msg you telling you not to bother with hypothetical time travel questions on reddit.
What was in your super secret stash box when you were a kid?|Lots of porn...too much porn really.
What is one thing college professors(or teachers) do that drives you absolutely crazy?|I hated when professors had super strict attendance policies for their class. If you missed two or three classes they would bump your grade down. It was never the professors that had important classes for your major, it was always classes like religion etc.
Redditors who have gotten on the first page of a subreddit, does your phone blow up for days with notifications?|Yepp.  Source:  got front page multiple times for AskReddit questions and answers.
What kind of dog do you like most?|Living ones.
What was the worst experience you have had with Airbnb?|Stayed at 3 places in France using Airbnb. Never heard of them before and it was the best decision we made compared to staying at hotels.  No bad experience, perfectness only
What is the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made?|Best - $200 insulated, steel-toe, waterproof combat boots that have lasted me 8 years and still look close to new.  Worst - $200 thrift store couch
What are your arguments for and against DACA?|They’re already an integral part of our society and they had no control of their circumstances. Granting citizenship is morally and economically the right thing to do.
What kinds of items would you find in a Trump supporter's home?|1 or more bibles - never opened Velvet Jesus  American flag welcome mat  Some of the junk Alex Jones sells
What's one good thing that has happened to you this week?|Got approved for the mortgage!
Reddit is now a constitutional monarchy, who is the king / queen?|Ken M
What's a recipe you like to use?|A shot of cheap Canadian whisky and a mouthful of Diet Coke
How can an anxious person go out and try new things?|Having friends to go out and do things with. Social buffers.
When is a democracy no longer a democracy? When Human Rights and freedom of expression are threatened? When political opponents are locked up or stay in exile to escape prison? When there are no longer separations between powers?|**Deep man, real deep**
What is something Reddit has taught you that you apply to your life?|Get a small stool or something to lift your legs up when you're taking a dump. It's really makes a difference. Humans are meant to squat when they take a shit, not sit on a porcelain throne.
Cat having sexual intercourse with pet dog, why are they doing this? How does it stop?|Let it happen
What Is The Best Healthcare System For The U.S.A?|Single payer with privately owned hospitals is probably the best. Single payer just costs way less while avoiding all the pitfalls of for profit health insurance.
What is the most frightening thing you have seen in real life?|Afghanistan
When will be erecting statues of Trump?|Not until he gets his library.
What's the best birthday gift you gave someone?|A car
What is the most private thing you're willing to admit on here?|I stole some legos off my friend back in 3rd grade.    SORRY ETHAN!
What's the best meal you have ever had?|I once had a professor from Pakistan who invited students over to his home. He made us Pakistani food and it was amazing.
What's the unhealthiest meal you've ever eaten?|5 jr chickens
Redditors with intrusive thoughts, what's your most recent brain weasel been?|Thanks for making me think about it again, dick.
If your nose became an extension of your mouth with the difference being you are able to snort food safely and mostly painless to consume it, what would be the first thing you crush and snort?|Drugs
Why Do You Think It Would (Or Would Not) Be A Good Idea To Return To The Gold Standard?|We'd probably have to rewrite/re-issue our currency and it'd take a good while to adjust. plus exchange rates would go bananas for a while, probably.
What's your gross restaurant or fast food story?|Not me but my brother got a milkshake from Hardee’s once. Drank the whole thing and at the bottom was a bloody band-aid
What is a subreddit, and something that you could say there, that would net you hundreds of downvotes?|im a zoe main r/leagueoflegends
Who is the greatest Heavy Metal/Hard Rock band of all time?|Iron Maiden
If a stock was tied to a person's popularity, then which stock and person would go together?|Trump and the DOW just 2 days ago.
What unusual item did your family have that no one else did?|Me
What’s a good informative topic to write about for a 5-7 minute presentation?|Try writing something historical, like a war hero or something. The class should be interested because war and battles, and the teacher or professor should be impressed on your research. I would suggest Tommy Prince, the most decorated aboriginal war soldier of WWII and the Korean war. If that doesn't work, write about Satanism
What old-school celebrity crush would you still leave your spouse and kids for?|Christina Applegate during her Married With Children days
If you had to dedicate at least one article of your daily wardrobe to promoting a company/cause for the rest of your life, who/what would it be and why?|r u high my friend?
What's that one thing in your life that changed everything?|Waking up early
Ex convicts of reddit: how bad really is prison food?|awful. green bologna sandwiches
What ruined your day today?|The toilet I was sitting on just auto flushed while I was still on it spraying toilet water on my ass. It's not even 11:30 and my day is ruined
What is a nonexistent Subreddit you wish was real?|/r/SuddenlySeymour
What is your IRL fan theory?|"Elon Musk is just trying to get home!
The core is a lie!"
Who is the biggest pervert you ever met?|Clifford
What was/is the best car ride game before video games/smart phones/little DVD players were around?|"Repeatedily asking your parents if we were there yet.  
With all seriousness idk whenever we took roadtrips we always took my mom's Plymouth Voyager and she had a VCR player in it sense I was born"
"What are some examples of ""dog logic"" you've seen?"|* If I bring him my Kong he'll put treats in it! *puts treats in Kong* * If I bring him my Kong, he'll get the treats out for me and just give them to me.
What is one sound from your childhood you will always remember?|Original Playstation startup sound
"What's you best ""small world"" moment?"|my friend and my uncle met in hawaii. They had never met before that. They figured out they both knew me because my uncle asked my friend where he was from.
Redditors with homeless family members, what happened? How does someone end up homeless when they have family? Are you involved in their lives at all?|My brother was homeless for about a year. He'd had problems with high school, the police, and my family since the time he was about 13. He's got a learning disability, and a bit of a rough background, and he's hard headed. But in a poor family of 7, there's not a lot of support to go around. My folks did their best but they made it pretty clear that as soon as he graduates high school he'd better get a job. He didn't graduate, predictably, and always thought he was slick enough to hustle without a job. That worked for a couple of years, but after one too many warnings and broken promises my folks kicked him out. He just wasn't prepared for it. He honestly thought they'd never do it. And he found out pretty quickly that he'd burned all his bridges and never noticed. So he had to sleep rough for a year while working shitty jobs to try to get enough to eat. We all patched it up eventually. He learned a lot. He's still hard headed, but he knows how to maintain relationships now.
What is the full form of CPU?|Central Processing Unit.
How long is your commute to work?|Out of bed, stop by the loo, down the stairs, sit at desk.
Students of Reddit, when you attend lecture, where do you sit and why?|Nearest seat to an electrical outlet - I really need to replace my laptop battery.
What's your favorite physical feature on your preferred sex?|I could obviously say boobs and as but now days, I like girls with nice long hair
What generally beloved character from tv/film/games/etc, can you not stand?|Kramer. Guy is a mooch.
Whats your most savage prank or practical joke?|they actually hired me
What was the first time you were caught watching porn? [NSFW]|I've never been caught but I've caught my dad like 5 times, mostly because he hits the minimize to task bar button instead of the x button a lot on Chrome and has accidentally opened porn infront of me a few times when trying to show me something on his computer
How can do you get yourself into a better routine?|Prioritise and execute.
What are some strange combinations that work really well together?|Popcorn and Coffee! The popcorn brings out the coffee flavor so well.
Which football games will you watch today?|None I guess
What is a piece of wisdom or advice you would give to your elders?|"Stay up to date with technology. I've known too many older people with that mentality of, ""I'm too old for this."" No, you're not. You can do this, I promise."
What is your completely useless talent?|"I'm a really good guesstimator. Like ""that cart has about $80 worth of groceries"" or ""It's roughly 3:45""."
What makes your best friend so special?|I can tell her anything and she doesn't judge me for any of the shenanigans I get into.
What lie is being perpetuated?|That firearms are evil. Firearms are just inanimate tools, nothing more.
If you could start over and do absolutely anything without fear of failure, what would be your top goals?|"* Get a good-paying dream job.
* Get into a relationship with someone that checks all my boxes that eventually turns into a marriage.
* Be happy."
How many squares of toilet paper do you use to wipe yourself?|I feel like I'm always using too much.
Bald people of reddit, how did you come to the realization that you were bald?|"I was in denial for awhile. one day, I was looking through old pictures with a couple friends and someone made a joke like, ""oh look, it's Hrekires when he had hair!"" after that, I couldn't stop seeing how bad my hair was thinning so I just shaved it off."
What are some ways to spice up your marriage and your ramen?|Both=more meat ?
"Homeowners of Reddit, what is your ""nightmare neighbor"" story?"|"My next door neighbor called the cops every time I brought a gun in the car or into
The house. Every time. I have a ccw and I’m a hunter. One time it was 6 out of 7 Days. Finally he got charged with harassment"
Tall guys of Reddit: How's peeing in the sink going for you?|I'm tall. Don't use urinals if you're tall.
what is the best battleground game? PUBG? or Fortnite?|bad games for bad gamers
Assume for a moment that everyone hates your favorite hobby. What do you tell them to inspire them to try your thing?|D&D: it's kind of like a board game with some improv, or like an escape room on paper. But more importantly I provide beer and guacamole, that's usually the draw
What have you done recently out of spite?|I threw a fidget spinner at a car who cut me off
What is your favorite spoof/parody movie?|Hot Shots!
How do you think the world would be in 20 years?|Probably similar but different
How often should you compliment a girlfriend?|Maybe once a day. Depends how I feel tbh, it's better to give an honest compliment.
What's something you do to intentionally piss people off?|I couldn't see my doodle.
What kind of thing can you tell about a person from the way that they walk?|How many legs they have.
What's your favorite roast from a movie?|The Roast Beast from the Grinch
What do you wish you could buy in bulk?|Motivation
What's the biggest fuck up you've made at work that you managed to recover well and not get fired for?|Not showing up
Aliens have been watching for all of human history. What invention/discovery are they suppressed that we made before another?|I like to think that they they roll their eyes at the fact that we can synthesize starship fuel, but don't do anything better with it than use it blow ourselves up.
Who is the most interesting person you've ever met?|My self
What is a song that COULD NOT be written today?|Party Like It’s 1999
What is the most atrocious design choice you've seen on somebody's car?|Pretty much everything the lames that hang out in the Wawa parking lot on a Saturday night put in/on their cars.
What is the most ironic thing?|Jumbo shrimp existing.
What's the most hilarious child reasoning you've heard?|Your reasoning that no one would realize this is a repost.
People with annoying coworkers: what do they do to make you crazy, and how do you handle it?|They play dumb because they think it’s cute or they think leadership will lower the bar for them.
Redditors who are 30+ years old, at what age did you start to look at people younger than you and envy them?|Generally I feel sorry for them, they don't yet have the experience and wisdom. On a side note: I can only imagine what 50+ year olds think of us 30 year olds though.
Taking into account all your interests, what is the weirdest combination of two interests you have?|speed solving Rubik’s cubes and parkour probably
Say the FAA gives the green light to use cellular data in flight on personal devices. How long would it take cellular carriers to add coverage to the sky?|They don't really have to. Cell towers are generally line of sight, and when you're in an airplane you can potentially pick up hundreds of towers. They could implement some kind of satellite connection based out of the airplane though Kind of like they do with wifi right now.
If you were able to implement a global law that everyone had to follow, what would it be?|"""Be excellent to each other"""
Have you ever paid for sex? How was the experience?|Don't we all pay for sex one way or another?
What is the most politically correct thing you have seen/heard?|There is a spectrum of genders. (From a well known “scientist”)
What myths about your profession do you regularly have to deal with?|The customer is always right
"What was the best ""I told you"" moment?"|"When Carson Wentz said ""I *told* you!"" to Nick Foles."
What is the worst thing a friend has ever done to you? And are you still friends with them?|In high school my best friend let my gf blow him. Yes, that was 15 years ago, we're still best friends.
How many trees would be saved if cashiers were to ask if you want a receipt BEFORE printing it out?|Doesn't matter, the only question is how much money is saves.  If a store can save money or make more money by not printing receipts, they will.  As long as it's cheap to print receipts, they will.  If one customer comes back to return something and says they didn't have a receipt because they don't print em, and they get a replacement or money back, you've wasted the cost of printing miles of cheap receipts.
To international Redditors - how do you feel about Reddit? What is your experience like?|What do you mean by international?
What is your favorite workout song?|"""EVERYBODY DANCE NOW DUN DUN DUN DUNDUN!"""
What's the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?|Gave me an egg
what is the full form of WWW?|Worlds worst wankers
How do you get started when you feel overwhelmed by all the things you need to do?|Start with the smallest and/or easiest tasks.
What will you be doing differently this year?|I’ve stopped procrastinating, it’s amazing how much you can get done.
Why should average Americans be concerned, one way or the other, with illegal immigration and dreamers?|It is really not that important. Politicians make it an issue to appeal to some voters who think it matters. Most Americans are themselves immigrants or descendants of immigrants. People who came here illegally should seek legal status, but deporting millions of people is not the civil solution.
What song is stuck in your head right now?|Komm Susser Tod from End of Evangelion.
What was your 'it's not a phase mom', and did it turn out to be a phase?|Communism rules!
What is your “depression mood” song?|"""Hallelujah"" (either the Cohen or Buckley version) Also my go-to anxiety songs are ""I'm Going Slightly Mad"" by Queen and ""Flagpole Sitta"" by Harvey Danger"
Weed is the devil’s lettuce, Rock and Roll is the devil’s music. What are some other things we use that belong to the devil?|Skittles are the devil's fruit
What did you get for absolutely free?|Several games on steam from some internet friends. I keep telling them not to give me anything!
What's the worst birthday present you ever got?|Battery for my laptop, from my husband, on my 30th Birthday.
What song is impossible not to dance to?|Hey Ya by Outkast
What does the FBI/NSA guy spying on you via your camera think of you?|"""Damn, that guy spends all his time arguing with people on the internet. ... Damn, I spend all my time watching a guy argue with people on the internet."""
What’s the worst experience you’ve ever had in a movie theater?|Newborn crying at a 2200 showing of a horror flick. As soon as I heard the first wail I got up and went to speak to an employee. I explained that this is unacceptable and how not only did the crying disrupt everyone's experience in the theatre but now it is causing me to miss the film to speak of on behalf of the other movie goers. This 'parent' was also on their phone with the brightness up. I was livid. Assholes who bring children to late night movies should be banned.  Simply because you think there will only be a few other people in the theatre does not give you the right to bring a small crying child. Find a babysitter or accept the responsibility. Young crying children do not belong in the theatre! If you must bring them, most theatres offer sensory friendly showings off age appropiate films.
What did you learn today?|Don't feed ducks bread. It makes them sick.
Why do you eat imitation crab meat when they even tell you it's fake ?|Tastes the same if not better. Fraction of the price and in larger quantities
Employers of Reddit, would you hire someone with visible tattoos? Why or why not?|Depends on the tattoo Some people have something subtle, tasteful and well thought-out. I wouldn't consider this an issue. Others have something outlandish and clearly felt that career wasn't top priority. It's poor taste or poor quality, and that affects my view of their character.  I deliberately got mine on the inner aspect of my bicep, so it's subtle even if I've got particularly short sleeves.
Why wouldn't some people want to send humans to Mars?|It's a trap.
What is your go to cry song?|"""Hallelujah"""
What's more important, creating beautiful memories, fully enjoying the present, or working towards meaningful goals?|Enjoying the present is most important, so long as it's not done at the expense of damning your future. For some people, working towards meaningful goals is exciting for them to do in the present.  Those people have the happiest lives. Beautiful memories are only beautiful if they aren't forced.  You may have a few exceptions with major life moments such as birth of your child or marriage, but I cherish the happy accidents in life so much more.  You shouldn't GO FOR creating beautiful memories.  Let them happen naturally.
Who is evil, and awful that we all can agree on?|Ajit Pai
Reddit, when you order food from a counter/host and plan to take it to-go, do you tip?|Always tip dude
Who is the coolest person alive?|Bill Murray.
In what way are your pets much more than simple animals to you ?|they are more intelligent than most of the humans i have to deal with... and better behaved....
What is the most easy language for an English speaker to learn?|Spanish for sure
If every single animal on earth was, suddenly and simultaneously, mind controlled into working/fighting for mankinds extinction, which animal would be our biggest problem?|Is mayonnaise an animal?
"What sub reddits have the best ""top of all time"" to binge?"|r/holdthemoan
What are some volunteering/charitable activities that don't help as much as we think they do?|Giving to the Red Cross. Wounded Warrior Project was a pretty bad charity, too, but I don't know if they've cleaned up their act or not.
If you were Elon Musk, what would you send to space?|My ex
Which phrases, quotes, mottos, clichés, or etcetera— do you live by?|**Character**- Be true to your **word**, your **work**, and your **friends**.
What has the best smell?|Warm cinnamon rolls and baking chocolate chip cookies.
What are you nostalgic for?|"The early days of the internet, before everything was all ""like comment and subscribe"" everywhere."
Elon Musk launched a Tesla into space this week. What song should be blasting on the car's radio as it travels through space?|Space Oddity is currently blasting on the stereo as far as I’ve heard.
What is something that would be considered tedious, but drives you mental?|Example: I hate it when someone doesn't screw on a bottle cap properly resulting in all the fizz leaking out and getting a flat drink. Tedious, but it drives me crazy.
Dear Redditors, how did you feel when you got your first gold/ gilded someone for first time?|I felt special. I was talking to someone on the depression subreddit.
What's something people should stop bragging about?|How oppressed they are
How would you scare a date away with a single sentence?|My herpes has flared up
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?|9/11 maybe.  I remember asking my parents what it was like when Kennedy was assassinated.
What is something people generally don’t clean as often as they should?|Computer keyboards
In a lot of cop/crime shows, characters will get lab work done on the down-low for personal issues. Can professionals do this IRL?|Not where I live.
What are your glitch in the matrix stories?|well this happened once. i have hypotonia, a condition where my muscles are weaker than usual, so i cant carry things that are 1-14 pounds under my weight. despite this, just a few weeks ago, i was able to lift my keyboard. i defied logic that day.
What would you name a new color?|Steve
What is the point of the question “business or pleasure” when going through an airport?|Its a test if u say pleasure they know ur a terrorist!!!!
What is the weirdest nickname you have heard someone being called?|Fucktard. My mom calls me this all the time
What’s the best advice you’ve received when you wanted to give up?|"""Well, whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right."""
Which Olympian Greek god (other than Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades) is the most powerful?|Kratos killed all three of them and more.
"People who post ""not a ____ but,"" why don't you just give up the spot to people who are?"|Not a person who does this but it's easy karma.
What is your best/worst celebrity encounter?|This is my only celebrity encounter. I was down in New Orleans for a band trip and we were at the aquarium one day for some fun. As we were all getting in I happened to be the first one through and I was waiting for my group when I turned and saw the actor who plays Axel in The Middle. I made eye contact and he waved so I waved back, then the actress who plays his sister came running out of no where and they both looked at me and literally ran out of the lobby area. When my friends came by me I asked if they saw them and they said they hadn’t seen anything. They all thought I was bullshitting.
What are some good pranks to pull on annoying neighbors in college?|If their printer is unprotected print pages and pages of black paper. Also applies outside of college.
What game did you grow up on?|Whatever games we could invent with a ball, a yard, maybe a bat, a side street to play on, a basketball hoop,  a tree,  a hill, bikes, whatever we had at hand, basically.
What's been your best or worst birthday experience?|"best and worst would have to be my 16th where my dad wasn't there. 
it felt weird bc he left home but as the year progressed i realized that it was the best present i could have gotten since everything went better since then."
Where do you find yourself in the debate of Sam Harris, Richard Dawkins and Co. versus Ben Shapiro, Jordan Peterson and Co. ?|"Shapiro, Peterson>>>> 
Harris and Dawkins aren’t even the strongest on the atheist side. I like Dawkins for his honesty, however."
People who used to bite their nails how did you break the habit?|Omg this was very difficult. It took years. At first I used the clear nail polish “stop the bite.” I used it for a couple of months and it helped me to not bite bc it tastes like bleach (or what I imagine bleach would taste like). But it was so horrifying when I’d eat food and accidentally get the taste in my mouth. It would ruin my appetite. So then I switched to always having my nails done with gel nails bc I couldn’t bite the gel off. But that got expensive after a few months. So then I started taking anti-anxiety meds, and that helped a lot. But that stuff is dangerous. So then I tried to just always cut them really short so that there were like no nails to bite on. And that kinda helped, but they did not look good. Eventually, as I started my career after college, I realized how embarrassing it was to have bit nails, and I certainly realized how unprofessional it looks to bite nails in front of people. So that really did the trick for me and I don’t bite anymore. And now, if I am tempted, I keep a glass nail file with me and I just trim them so that I’m not tempted. And also, I chew gum a lot. Oh and lastly, after a couple of months of not biting them, they got much stronger and prettier, so it helped as a deterrent bc it was like a reward for not biting.
who is your idol and why?|Idol’s a strong word, but Sam Calagione of Dogfish Head and Noel Gallagher of Oasis are two people I am a fan of...
You have to take 10,000 fruit soldiers into battle against the vegetables, which fruits do you take with you?|"10,000 durian. The spikes will impale those veggie scum as they get rolled over.
And if they manage to injure one of my soldiers, the smell will get them."
How can you tell that a Reddit post is going to take off?|By the number of upvotes.
What is an auditory hallucination you heard?|Gunshot/Explosion when falling asleep Exploding Head Syndrome
Can you describe your work day only through the actions of your hands, and can we guess what you do for a living?|jerking off, the occasional middle finger to someone else, writing, using a phone, jerking off
Redditors that had a roommate in college that snored, what did you do to help yourself fall asleep?|White noise machine, ear plugs.
What's the one thing that puts you off from cooking?|Dishes
When and why did the word ‘literally’ become so rampantly misuses?|Misused
How should people behave on the internet?|693
If you had a tiny human as a pet what would you do?|Assuming she's 18, I'd make her live in my boxers and clean me all day
What has been a very good investment so far this year?|SpaceX isn't publically traded but anyone who has vested interest probably isn't hating themselves right now.
What would, to you, make a yogurt taste better?|turning it from yogurt into bacon
You find yourself in Jumanji, you have 2 skills and 1 weakness. What are they?|im gay im gay And im gay
You've been selected to make a new candy bar for Wonka. What is your confectionary creation?|chocolate ...... and PEANUT BUTTER
Whats the weirdest way you ate a perfectly normal piece of food as a kid?|I used to squeeze bread into a tight ball in my fist and eat it like an apple
Flat-Earthers, how do you feel about Elon Musk's live feed of his Roadster from space?|I have my popcorn ready, just waiting for some fireworks.
What are some foods that actually taste better as leftovers?|Chili
You can have one superpower but it must be entirely original, what is it?|"The power to ""see"" objects, not the light that bounces off them, but the objects themselves."
What qualities does your favorite character possess that makes you enjoy them so?|Geralt. He's a deadpanned and wonderfully sarcastic personality.
Aside from Marxism, what other ideas have good intentions that lead to devastating results?|Every single idea ever, unless the idea started at 1.0 and has been there ever since.
What is your acquired taste?|Beer, Coffee.
What's the worst weather you've ever been in?|There was rain and wind it sucked op i cried
What innanimate object would cause most embarrasment to you, if it was able to talk to anyone?|My vibrator
What are some fetishes in the Lord of the rings universe?|The Ring (my precious)
What are the best subreddits for a good laugh?|r/me_irl
Who is a stranger you met that you will always remember?|Met a lovely woman while deployed. I don’t know her name but it was an amazing night. I wish I wasn’t so young at the time
What job were you not qualified for but got anyways?|Collection agency i went through the training for the pay then got THE FUCK outta there
"Where does one ""complain"" about a reddit feature or lack thereof?"|/r/Complaint /r/featurerequest
Who was the attention hog in your school/workplace and what did they do?|Hurting someone (+animals) who’s weaker than you...
Hey Reddit, what’s the best way to handle walking with an umbrella on a busy street?|Umm, *professionally*?... I don't really get your question.
What are the TOP features for file sharing service?|files protection with password
what is the biggest regret you have in life?|I'm still alive
Whats the most ridiculous thing you've been fired for?|killing someome i mean a little excessive disciplinary action but their loss op
How do you know when a guy is controlling and clingy?|Would he be upset if he knew you posted this? If so then that's a red flag.
How long till Elon Musk teams up with Nintendo to create Rainbow Road?|He already sent a car to Mars, his plans are in motion...
People who work in retail/food, what is the dumbest thing a customer has done or asked for?|When I worked at McDonald's as a teen I had a woman order a double cheeseburger with no meat.
Racist. Bigot. Fascist. Homophobe. Xenophobe. Misogynist. klansman. How many of these categories would describe you?|I'm a straight white heterosexual middle class male in a blue state that didn't vote for Hillary, so according to reddit I'm all of them.
When does *the fun begin*?|Now!
What is your favorite Grey’s Anatomy quote?|"""Don't let fear keep you quiet. You have a voice so use it. Speak up. Raise your hands. Shout your answers. Make yourself heard. Whatever it takes, just find your voice, and when you do, fill the damn silence."" - Meredith Grey"
What's a fetish that probably doesn't exist?|Something with snausages
What obscure acronym do you use on a daily basis and what does it stand for?|LVM. Left Voicemail
Which disproven conspiracy theory, had it been true would have been super “interesting”?|That einstein had finished/nearly finished work on his Unified Field Theory and then when he saw the trinity test, he destroyed everything. That would have revolutionized absolutely everything.
What beauty product can’t you live without?|Shaving cream. I can't stand shaving legs with soap and water.
Did everyone give up on the whole FCC thing?|Basically, yeah.  I think people are realizing that nothing has changed yet. If it does change for the worse things will spike to a boil again. If they don't change we'll continue to not care
Is it possible to make a video card that would be great at gaming yet also horrible at mining? What in the hardware would they have to target/change? Also, is this something manufacturers should pursue for the future of PC gaming?|I am not knowledgable enough about how hashing works to say yes or no, but I don't think so. It'd require some hardware-level locking of complex mathematical formulas which are related to hash rate in order to stop, and I don't know how that would be accomplished without consequentially damaging gaming performance.
Redditors who discovered your home was once the site of a murder or major crime, what happened and how did you react?|Not exactly my home, but there was a suicide near a park very close to my home as well as a police investigation (not related) a year later. Not to mention that it's near a graveyard. I didn't know her personally but she was well-loved by many students at my school.
Why are you always late?|unmotivated to go to school
Redditors who have met celebrities: who did you meet, and what are they like in person?|Peed next to Samuel L. Jackson and he didn't wash his hands after.
What are some similar party games to Truth and Dare (played through conversation rather than a board or cards)?|Would You Rather? Who Would You Do? Desert Island game
What awkward situation do you have to go through repeatedly?|Salary negotiations whenever I get a new job.
Reddit, if you were given a chance to change one thing in history, what would it be?|The Big Bang
What websites do you go to once reddit has... bored you?|Free classified marketplaces
Former scene/emo kids of Reddit, what are your most embarrassing memories?|all the sex i had lmao jk op
Let's settle this shit once and for all; Why do/don't you put toilet paper down on a public toilet seat?|Don't. Because germ transmission from toilet seats is so little of a concern, it's not worth stressing about. That said, obviously if there's piss, shit or blood on the seat, I'm going to a different stall.
What's an excuse for a student to tell their parents they have to leave the country on their own for a few days?|pussy
Parents of Reddit, what is something your youngin' did that would 99% of the time make you furious, but you just couldn't help but laugh/be impressed?|Swear.  The first time he said it it was funny, next time it wasn’t (as funny!)
What age do you want to live to?|"55 That's the ""peak age"". After that people typically start running into constant health problems and large medical bills. No thanks. I'd rather go out at my best. EDIT: Changed ""1"" to ""55"" because apparently starting with ""55."" Will make Reddit change it to a 1 for... reasons..?"
What's something people who are don't call themselves so people who do call themselves it you know right away they're full of bologna?|Intelligent.
Teachers of Reddit, do you really not notice it when students are on their phones?|I 100% notice but it's a college course. If they wanna pay to dick around, let em.
What is funny and sad about your life?|My Sex Life
What's the weirdest reason you refused to date someone?|His facial hair scared me.
Who is your favorite band to see in concert?|The Bluetones - favourite band full stop but great live, very engaging and can tell they are enjoying themselves
What was the best/most useful purchase you made for your first apartment?|Kegerator
Blind people, how are you answering this question?|qwe;'sdkv;l vm;lk4;'
People who hit the snooze button several times while knowing they won't get up, why? Can we convince you to do otherwise, if so, how?|I enjoy the 10 minutes of laying in my bed knowing I don't have to get out of it yet and can just lazily relax there a bit before starting my busy morning. I don't see how it should bother anyone else or why I should stop.
What songs make you depressed for a really stupid reason?|"""Take Me Home, Country Roads"" -John Denver Or even better, Mark Strong. The only scene in any movie that made me feel genuinely bad/sad for the characters."
What is the funniest but most unexpected thing that has happened to you while traveling?|I was punched in the face by a kid (app. 11-12) in Hawick, Scotland.
Moms and dads, when did you stop kissing your babies/children on the lips?|Well if you’re asking Tom Brady the answer is “i didnt”
What's the security like in a Deep Underground Military Base ?|Nice try terrorists
What are some fun apps like 'Dumb ways to die' and 'plague inc'?|BBTAN or Egginc are kinda cool :)
After all these years, how good are you at wiping your own ass, scale is 1-10 with 10 being perfect every time?|9 sometimes my asshole is self wiping and I wipe but nothing is there
Fathers of Reddit- what age did you notice guys checking out your daughters? How did it make you feel?|Don't have a daughter, but at my older sister's wedding a 22 year old hit on my 13 year old little sister thinking she was 19. My father quickly put an end to it. Somehow he didn't throw the guy out, but the guy spent the rest of the reception avoiding the whole family.
What is the best Board Game of all time?|Monopoly
What is the best PC game out there?|minesweeper
What is one thing you vowed not to do but ended up doing?|Get married again. Turns out it wasn’t a bad idea this time!
Actors and actresses of reddit: what was it like filming a simulated sex scene?|It was harder than I had imagined
What's a small thing that makes you happy?|Heavy rain outside.
What's the secret to making delicious guacamole?|Fresh everything.  Try to skip the cilantro paste stuff from a tube, get an actual lemon (if you use lemon in your recipe) not lemon juice from a bottle, etc.
What is an obscure but really great video game?|Journey to the Center of Hawthorne
What do you do when you have unexplainable sudden bouts of melancholy and depression?|I make a special kapusta and sauerkraut dish and watch old movies.
What’s the worst thing your country is known for?|Hitler
Dieters of Reddit, what's something you eat fairly often?|Fats or veggies; no carbs.
What nickname did you have and what was the story behind it?|"Machismo Man-Power  
That was my nickname in high school gym class  whenever we'd play anything like tennis, volleyball, badminton,  dodge ball or soccer.  
I got that name because whenever I'd either get a break away with the ball, have a perfect set up for a return shot or be the last man standing in dodge ball I'd have a signature move that I called the ""Machismo Canon"" it never failed to hype up the crowd."
how many names do you have?|2.
What is the worst way you've been laid off?|I had been talking to my boss about this house I was looking at, right across the street from work. It was more than a month of applications, then waiting... she kept telling me how exciting it was... less than a week after I moved in, mass layoffs. She knew for months, and watched me move into a house across the damn street. I would sit on my porch with a beer and give the building the finger for a few months afterwards.
What will the aliens think when they find starman in the roadster?|Hey, that’s pretty good
If all life on Earth were to die (which would include grass, plants, trees, coral reefs, etc.) where would the most beautiful place on Earth be?|The Grand Canyon.
What have you tried but will you never do again?|anal sex
What is the fastest way a 15 year old boy, can get known?|Become a meme
What are the biggest internet scandals?|The Fappening
What kind of telescope is needed to see the SpaceX Tesla Roadster in orbit from earth?|Your trying to see the Tesla from earth OP?
What's something that's really useful and costs under $10?|Throwing $10 more in the savings account is always useful.
flat earthers, how do you explain the coriolis effect, or the fact that every other planet is a sphere/spheroid?|Propaganda
Hey Reddit, my sister is losing her hair due to chemotherapy. What do you know about realistic wigs?|"Investigate ""sheitels"". They're wigs made for orthodox Jewish women to fulfill the head-covering part of tzniut. They're usually high-quality, real human hair and are fairly easy to source, especially if you live on the east coast of the US"
What's the saddest thing you have ever heard someone say?|No I won't fuck you.
How many of you have ever visited the second page on a Google search?|Sometimes you have to dig deep to find that specific video.
What do you eat when you procrastinate?|pussy
What is a top-10 comedic scene in your opinion (tv or movies, any genre)?|Black Knight scene in Holy Grail.
What are some major flaws of Capitalism?|Homelessness
You're not American if you don't like cheeseburgers and a large Coke. What's your country's version of this?|You're not Polish if you don't like vodka and pierogi
What's something you thought was dumb until you tried it?|Before going to college, I hated the idea of working an office job. I’ve been in office jobs for the past seven years and honestly I’d take this over anything else.
"What is your favourite ""Friends"" quote?"|PIVOT!
What is the best thing you found that you never knew you lost?|A tenner in an old pair of jeans
How many times have you had to call for an ambulance/police/fire fighters, and what was it for?|One time I called 911 because the bitch at McDonald's would not accept a $100 bill at night.
People who grew up gaming in the 80s/90s, what do you miss most from that generation of video games?|Simplicity, and less of the open world concepts.
If you had super-powers that were completely based on your personality, what would they be?|THE POWER OF AUTISM
Which movie would you like to see remade entirely with muppets, and who would play which character?|Silence of the lambs with Fozzy playing Hannibal Lecter, Kermit playing Buffalo Bill, Camillia the Chicken playing Catherine Martin, Miss Piggy playing Clarice
What’s a gross sounding food combination that actually works really well?|BBQ Potato chips and Nutella. Perfect mixture of savory, salty and sweet.
hey reddit! who believes that the exploding head syndrome is some sort of spiritual experience and if yes, what do u think it is?|I once heard a fart as loud as the shuttle taking off. I do not think I'm having a spiritual experience.
What are your favorite text only subreddits?|r/intrusivethoughts because relatable.
What video game did you buy based on the hype, then immediately regretted it once you started playing?|No Man's Sky
Attractive people of Reddit, what have you gotten away with because you are attractive?|"Every online test I take for ""autism"" I always score high.   It ranges from: ""You're almost normal!"" to ""You are certainly autistic!"" Wtf? So how do I have a job involving ""people skills"" and a thicc blonde wife?  How'd that happen?  How'd I get past the interviews?  Why'd she say yes?  Conventionally, I'm a real pain in the ass.  I don't accommodate small talk about Tom Brady.  In fact, I'm pretty unapologetic about shunning people and isolating myself from everyone who I think is a retard, which is a long list. Oh yeah...I got some Swedish height and wingspan (from mom), combined with tan-prone, oily, ageless skin (from dad), and distinctly round, baby-like, eyes which are dark mahoganey.  I have always lifted too. I really doubt I could marry up and earn a good living while being just average looking with my generally despised mental qualities.  I mean, shit...look at my karma.  And this is a new account. Score."
How did you improve your life today?|I didn’t
What's something people buy/do once they've gotten paid, just to prove to others they've made it in life, even though they're living paycheck to paycheck?|Fancy cars. It's amazing how many people will buy a nice car knowing they can't afford it and the maintenance it requires just to look like they are successful.
If you didn't have to sleep, what would you did with all that extra time?|Ex amphetamine addict. I didn't sleep for long periods of time. All I found myself doing was cleaning. 20 years later I still obsessively clean
What are you excited about later this year?|"I'm always holding out hope that a meteor will crash land in my backyard and give me super powers or take me to a planet filled with large breasted women.  
So I'm excited with the anticipation of that happening."
People banned from Disney, why are you banned?|I let a lad in disneyland free of charge
Have you ever come across your brother or sisters profile while swiping on Tinder or another similar app and what did you swipe?|Are you asking if i wanna fuck my sister?
What are weird things that we’re all used to but when you think about them are actually really weird?|Using bits of paper as currency
What are some good subreddits for someone new to reddit?|r/popular
What accent do you think is the hardest to understand?|man just dont mumble and then get mad when asked to repeat urself
What is the most beautiful sight you've ever seen?|When my ex girlfriend bent over to take her jeans off.
Liars of Reddit, what is the most interesting thing about you?|I made this account just to comment random shit without caring if it’s true or not or upvotes or downvotes
What do anti-vaxer’s think vaccinations do?|Give their kid autism. Because a kid who has difficulties in social situations is worse than a kid who has difficulty being alive apparently.
Why can't my opinion of Donald Trump just be indifferent?|He’s a hard person to be indifferent about.
Non-Smokers (not ex-smokers)of Reddit: What were you told/taught, or how were your raised as a young person that kept you from developing the habit? What difference do you see between WHY you are a non-smoker verses your smoking peers/family?|Saw my grandpa die from cancer, saw my dad have 2 heart attacks, saw my uncle lose a lung. Fuck all that
"What was the first ""grown-up"" book you read?"|Rambo first blood part II
Redditors who have saved someone's life, what happened?|Instinct I didn’t realize how i changed a persons life without me there would be one more person dead
Pirates of Reddit, what was your greatest haul?|Kyles moms a bitch, South Park somewhere near 1999 and on Kazaa.
What ruined your latest family dinner?|Mom didn't make enough mashed potatoes for how much I wanted to eat. She made enough for everyone, but I wanted to be eating it for a while longer.
What was the stupidest reason you were denied a job opening?|Because of my accent
Reddit, what are some of the weirdest things your boss asked you to do?|mass murder
What punishment should happen to milk man that did not deliver milk?|Sacked?
What's the most minute reason you don't want to live on this planet anymore?|People who fart in elevators.
For 30 minutes, all standing laws except for murder are nullified. You and anyone else cannot be arrested, charged or prosecuted for anything else you do in the next half hour. What do you do?|I have a good movie for you to watch.
What's your favorite movie?|Terminator 2 will probably be the answer until the day I die.
What’s your dream job?|Spa owner!
What is the strangest thing you've found at a garage sale or flea market?|Fleas
What age did you learn to drive? Why that age?|Got my full license at 14.  Made for some very nervous parents.
Why were you left on “Read” that one time?|i just dont know how to converse on tinder lol
What is your favorite travel destination, and what you enjoy doing while you're there?|Longboat Key, Florida. As little as possible.
What’s the weirdest party you’ve ever been invited to?|Messy game party
Which songs have the best Drum Solo’s?|ManoWar - Drums of Doom
What was your best vacation ever?|Spending 40 days alone in 2 countries without a plan.
Why/why not is the “college experience” worth the student debt?|The college experience *alone* is not worth the student debt. You can reproduce the college experience pretty closely working at a shitty job with a bunch of partiers, plus you won't have midterms.   College can be hard and expensive, and parties can be reproduced cheaply, so if parties are your only goal it's totally not worth it
Why are you scared of the dark?|As a kid I was never afraid of the dark.  In fact I liked it.  It wasn’t until college I had a sleep paralysis episode and saw a shadow man in my room who spoke to me.  I’m a grown ass woman now but ever since then I can’t sleep with the light off.
People who were caught in a love triangle, what happened?|The friendship dissolved pretty quickly. One of the girls tried to kill herself and the other one gained like 400 pounds.
What movie did someone highly recommend that you didn't like at all? Why?|2 girls one cup.  No my style.
Reddit, what foods do you refuse to eat because of its texture?|Rice milk
You're not American if you don't like cheeseburgers and a large Coke. What's your country's version of this?|You're not Polish if you don't like vodka and pierogi
What's the nicest sub that isn't based around being nice (ex: r/wholesomememes, r/aww, etc)?|r/trees
What movie have you watched long ago that you're still not sure if it's good or bad?|Mars attacks
What is something that you can say to a parent but NOT to your significant other?|I'm glad my dad came in you.
You get a ticket to go into outer space for 2 hours to do anything you want without any restrictions. What do you do?|"Mindfuck everyone and hold a piece of paper saying ""run"" in front of the tesla roadster."
Why is rent near Ma Miller's Pub in Langford, British Columbia so much cheaper than other parts of Langford?|I feel like you might have more luck posting this in a local subreddit. I'm from BC and I can't even relate to this question.
Where would you go and what would you do on a first date?|I would definitely choose a place where I can get to know the other person better. Cinema is a big no. A walk in the park and then ice cream or dinner seems like a good choice.
What did you do after you dropped out of university/ college ?|I went back and finished six months later.
What did you just change your mind about?|Closing Reddit and getting back to work.
What are you still needlessly doing the long way?|Dying
Hey Reddit, what event caused your life to turn around in a positive way?|Nothing yet.
At what point did the IRA become viewed as terrorists as opposed to freedom fighters?|They were *always* considered terrorists by the British and the people who supported that side, they were *always* considered freedom fighters by themselves and their supporters. That's kinda how it works.
What was the incident that you went full mode on Sherlock Holmes? What did you find out?|"""full mode on Sherlock Holmes"" That's a verb I've never heard of before."
What are some interesting topics for an essay?|Go to a subreddit relevant to the assignment and pick the top post to do the essay on. I've been doing that for 2-3 years and professors always comment that I pick such topically interesting things to write about.
Hearing this sound in backyard what is it?|here is audio from mobile: https://clyp.it/pyyxz2ia
If dogs could speak, what would they say to you?|Give me food.
What's something really cool that you want to tell someone about?|Monster Hunter: World is an awesome game!
Parents of Reddit, what is the worst advice you’ve ever received from other parents (or given)?|"Any unsolicited advice.  If I wanted it, I would ask for it.  My MIL ""advised"" us to name our son Josephus."
Hip Hop fans of Reddit, what is the most clever lyric you’ve heard from a rap song?|"""Water, fire, air and dirt.
Fucking magnets, how do they work?"""
Who is your favorite Simpson's character NOT including the immediate family, and why?|Ralph
What’s the craziest lie your parents told you as a kid?|"That my dad is going to buy groceries 
*he never came back*"
How often do you spank the monkey or flick the bean?|Who has monkeys?
What's the best case of well behaved kids you've ever seen?|One time the kid knew he did bad so he put himself in timeout.
What's your biggest fuckup no one knows about?|Tanked my credit score.
If you owned a red convertible Tesla and a spacesuit, what kind of shenanigans would you get up to today?|pro'lly just go on reddit tbh
"What ""dream job"" actually isn't that hard to get?"|Air traffic controller
What is the right way to be submissive to your boss?|You shouldn't be submissive to your boss.  You should simply strive to make them look good to their boss.
What are some retirement home secrets, almost no one knows?|STDs/STIs are abundant, horny old people.
reddit, what anime/cartoons do you think have the best art style?|I read the death note manga it was beautiful
What is the most clever thing you've seen your pet do?|My kids homework
What words are real but sound fake?|Onomatopoeia.
To those who’ve mentored difficult teenagers— what was the most valuable lesson learned from your experience?|You never know what goes on in someone's head or behind closed doors. Never assume.
What is your musical guilty pleasure?|Kenny Loggins *cringes*
When would you consider enjoying video games as an addiction and should it be stopped if it’s your only form of entertainment?|In my mind, it should be an addiction only if it impedes with other social activities. If you're someone who prefers 10 hour gaming sessions and doesn't like social activities you shouldn't be considered an addict. Addiction arise when it causes harm, being perfectly content to play PUBG for 10 hours at once isn't harmful.
"What was your ""I've been doing this all wrong"" moment?"|In my math exam where I was finishing this huge equation ( +- an entire page) and then I realised that I was doing it with the wrong numbers from the start.
Reddit, what silly nicknames do you have for your pets, and why?|Nubbins, he has a short tail.  He even has his own song for when he gets a treat.  (Old McDonald tune) Old McNubbins had a poop, now he gets a treat.
What was your favorite flash game to play in school?|lets just say i got suspended
What is something that gets more praise than it deserves?|Bacon
To the Americans of reddit, why do most of you dislike the french language?|This isn't a thing so please move along.
When is being married to your job a good thing?|Never.
"What are your thoughts on ""white guilt?"""|Its ridiculous.
What influence have your teachers had on you?|I owe my entire creative skills, intelligence and curiosity to try something different in Art to my 1st grade art teacher who said to me, “Draw what you see, not what you think you see” this phrase clicked something in to place in my brain, and changed everything.
People who decide to stop on freeways or busy avenues when getting pulled over, why do you do this?|Cops who decide to pull people over on freeways or busy avenues, why do you do this?
What loophole in your country's law allows for bad/illegal/immoral things to happen?|If youre rich and white in the US thats a pretty big loophole.
Reddit what video games are you currently playing?|Been smashing The Witcher 3 again, sometimes FFXIV when I feel like grinding out shit.
What's the best Reddit circlejerk you've ever started?|Why unshaved, though?
Reddit, why can't movies seem to get military uniforms accurate?|Military uniforms are actually copyrighted and can't be completely recreated in movies, video games, etc. Old uniforms (WW1 & WW2) are fine though.
What video game changed your life and how?|Journey.  It made me a more grateful person. Because of that game, I started to see even small interactions with people as moments during which they've accompanied me through life. And I appreciate them for it. They're my companions.
What is the most evil thing you have ever done?|Asked a cop if he wanted a donut
What question would you never want to know the answer to?|When I am going to die.
What songs have a sad telephone conversation or answering machine message in them?|"Pink Floyd's ""comfortably numb"".  The Dandy Warhols have one weird one too - can't remember the name."
What has the weirdest feeling when you touch it?|a cats tongue.. i remember the first time a cat licked my hand..i was absolutely horrified
What is a good dinner idea for a wednesday night?|Food.
what events in America do you think have changed us for the worst?|Citizens United.
What is one thing that if used incorrectly can easily kill you?|Just drinking too much water can kill you. The potential for being maimed or suffering a horrific death within the home....yeah, I don't want to contemplate that.
Left lane slowpokes: For the love of God, why don’t you just move over?|"Speed doesn't matter. Anyone **actively passing** is allowed in the left lane. Otherwise, everyone should stay in the right lane. Even if you are driving a lambo at top speed, stay in the right lane until there is someone in front of you going slower than you who you need to pass. And after completing that pass, move back into right lane. Repeat as needed.  I really don't understand why people can't get this. But to answer your question, it's because they think they are going ""fast"" and think the left lane is the ""fast lane"" (which it isn't). ""Fast"" is subjective, ""passing"" isn't. I would love to see police enforce this."
What's that one thing you always get into an argument about on the internet?|Social justice and feminism. EDIT: Oh, and religion.
Reddit, What is the most unethical business practice you've witnessed at your job?|They bused a bunch of management employees to the state capital to stage an astroturf political demonstration.  And I'm talking lots of buses and hundreds of people.
What is the origin of a common expression that people say but which they probably don’t know the origin of?|"I heard that the word ""shit"" was an acronym for Store High In Transit because they would transport fertilizer (poop) on ships. Either the smell or the methane created problems, I don't remember."
What famous Reddit stories should everyone know about?|The Jolly Rancher story.
What is the appeal of smoking pot?|Speaking as someone who used to smoke pot: the high.
Do critics when giving rave reviews overhype movies?|No, people who pay too much attention to reviews and become personally invested in Rotten Tomatoes scores for franchise movies they’re fans of are overhyping movies.
People who moved/bought a house, what is a cool item left by the previous owners (not in the contract)?|In my old apartment up on a shelf that was *way* overhead [probably about 8 feet high], I found an old Hustler, the pocket bible, and expired antidepressants. It painted a pretty confusing picture about the previous occupants.
What sentence is normal now but wouldn't have made sense 5 years ago?|Donald Trump is President
Hey Reddit, what is a time you saw a company being really out of touch?|When retail companies think having their employees ask the customer 4 times if they want a credit card will get the customer to somehow change their mind. Actually just irritates them and makes them not want to shop there.
What's the most serious case of cognitive dissonance you've come across?|Whenever I would ask my professor a question at his desk, I'd always imagine what would happen if I just punched him real hard in the face whenever he'd rattle on about the part of the question that I knew the answer to already. He's an awesome professor.  I just couldn't stop myself from imagining it.
What is the dumbest thing you've bought?|A tamagotchi
What's one thing you never want to experience in your lifetime, but probably will?|Cactus up the butt.
What event in your life changed you forever?|There was at least two: when I started drinking a lot of whiskey on a daily basis. And when I stopped drinking two bottles of whiskey every day.  Number one was funnier than number two.
What moment made you realize that your parents were really just people?|My parents are fukin superheros!
asking a bit late but, what were some 2017 trends you didn't completely hate?|happy cake day! ur reddit is an aquarius! i'm not sure what 2017's trends were but i enjoyed the feather eyebrow for some reason (not that it would look good on me or anything)
What's the most painful thing that happened to you?|Sciatica is the fucking worst.
What is the most uncomfortable feeling that does not cause physical pain?|Stepping on water when wearing socks.
Software Developers of reddit, What unexplained phenomenon still haunts you to this day?|Way back in '97, running the IIS plugin of Perl, we could only open a handful of sockets to a remote machine before it refused to open a new socket, with no explanation/warning/feedback that it wasn't happening. Since we were using this to make a connection from our web server to our back-end server to sell concert tickets, this ridiculously low number was a huge problem. I managed to get someone from ActiveState to talk to me about it, and they had no clue why it was happening or how to fix it, and in fact claimed it shouldn't have been happening at all. We eventually rewrote that part of the code in Visual C, but I lived in fear of that bug for a few months.
People of Reddit, what did you do after you were left hanging?|Looked at my hand in eternal sadness
What is the process for the Senate and House of Representatives to govern without involving the President?|Order 66
Americans of reddit what word describes the usually purple bell-shaped vegetable?|You mean an eggplant?
If Elon Musk's Tesla were somehow taken out of orbit and returned to earth in one piece, how much work would it need to run?|Username checks out
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen in someone else’s home?|A bike in a bathtub
What are your thoughts on the idea of a universal basic income?|We need to rethink out whole system to do whatever works when billions will be unemployed.
What's your favorite kid joke?|the big fast food restaurant in rockos modern life is called chokey chicken
"Hey Reddit, what are the ""Lamborghini's"" of your product or interest?"|Blondes
What purchase gave you the worst buyer's remorse?|Lately? Destiny 2. I didn't even make it through the story mode.
Hey Reddit, how did your taste in music change over the years?|I used to be a metalhead and loved classic rock. Then I stopped caring what other people think about the music I listen to, so now I listen to whatever I want.
Formal serial spenders, how did you stop wasting money on crap?|Be broke AF all the time. Works for me! Seriously though, avoid the mall and other shops or places that trigger you to overspend on junk. You could also donate the stuff you do buy, but don’t need, to local charities.
What's a skill of yours that you're proud of internally, but hesitant to show off?|Collecting imaginary internet points
What’s the toughest decision you’ve ever had to make?|Putting my dog to sleep.
How would you react if you asked your friend for a condom and he gave you a Magnum condom?|I'd probably laugh at him.
What made you sign up to Match.com (Or any other site that's similar); was it worth it?|I tried a site like that once. I did it because when you're not in school anymore it becomes a lot harder to meet new people that you don't work with. You're not supposed to get in a relationship with co-workers anyway so those people are a no-go.
Reddit, if you had infinite money for 24 hours, what would you spend it on?|Keeping the fucking snail away
Which video game(s) told the greatest story?|I loved playing Divinity Original Sin 2
What's the craziest wi-fi name you've seen?|Routers of Rohan
Hey reddit, what secret drink/food helps get over a hangover faster than usual?|Pedialyte
What will soon become the norm?|Shaving.
Doctors of Reddit, Why are you always late for appointments with patients?|Because patients are always late for appointments with their doctors and it causes a domino effect.
What makes you cry right now?|The victimhood mentality of so many people living in the US.
What makes you proud to live where you live?|Our flag, my bible, our constitution, and my guns! /s
How do you deal with lust? How much do you struggle with this?|I deal with lust the same way I deal with all my problems. Completely ignore it
What do you add to your oatmeal to make it taste better?|Dinosaur eggs
What can one eat a bunch of at a chinese buffet to cost them the most money?|You got a grudge with the china buffet?
Reddit, what are your favorite guidelines, rules, and browser extensions that you use when dealing with a non-tech savvy family member to keep them out of trouble?|Definitely adblock
What moment of your life looked like a movie scene?|I wasn't looking where I was going whilst ice skating and bumped into a someone, the person held me tight their arms and we did a spin thing. I looked up and it was the most handsome guy I've ever laid eyes on, he smiled at me and skated away...my cousin saw the whole thing as it happened and the first thing she said to me was 'wow! That belongs in a movie'
"People who said ""dogs barking, can't fly without an umbrella"" on a flight, how did it go?"|It worked, but I and a flight attendant got thrown off the plain. Writing this in midair.
Where did that missing sock end up?|I saw a video where some guy took the drum out of his dryer and there was like 50 socks on the other side. I guess they just slip through.
What was cool in the 90's but is not anymore?|Nickelback
Which industry seems awesome from the outside but is absolutely horrifying to be a part of / work in?|Aviation
Reddit, if you were to go back in time for just 5 minutes, how and where would you spend it?|probably browsing reddit
People who became vegan, what changes (if any) did it have on your overall physique?|I fart like a king now.  Real bugle blasts.
What movies were great at the time, but have not aged well?|Spawn.
Pirates of the Seven Seas, what was yer best plunder?|Yar! Booty says I!
If you had to move to mars what would you take with you?|A trampoline
What's something you just can't help but hate?|Jump scares. They're so cheap yet cost me a fortune in pride and dry cleaning bills.
What was the best heckle or chant you have ever heard at a sporting event?|"At a Div III women's hockey game, mid Sunday afternoon. Maybe 50 people in the stands, but the hockey frat was there in force, in the last row of the bleachers, probably with a keg hidden in the back. They were playing a small school from Canada. They played the US national anthem over the sound system, then started the game-- not good enough for the hockey frat. They independently led everyone in singing the Canadian national anthem (while the game was in progress), then broke into chants of ""USA! USA!"" The Canadian team was dying laughing at the level of enthusiasm on display."
What little thing in life can destroy your day?|Not getting enough sleep.
What is an intrusive thought that you had recently?|Had a dream about my buddy's fiance giving me a handy... it's been intruding ever since. Gah.
What is your favorite childhood memory?|Jumping on the trampoline while listening to my Walkman.
Teachers of Reddit, what are some weird slang words used by middle/high schoolers that haven't hit mainstream use yet?|Ya mama
"What was that time you found an ""easter egg"" in real life?"|When I found that while watching You Tube videos if you hit the number one key, it takes you to one tenth of the way through the video, 5 key... halfway through,  7 key... seven tenths of the way through...
What ethnicity are you and what foods do you grab when you eat out?|Cuban. I will sometimes go out for a burger, cuban sandwich, thai
What's the most embarrassing situation you've gone through in school/college?|Yesterday i pulled the fire alarm bc i was curious about how it worked
Teachers of reddit, what is something small you do to subtly fuck with your students?|if you're giving a presentation, play a video that has a jump scare in it. One of my teachers did this to me once and the whole class was shook
What is the most unethical thing you have ever done?|I was a dime short at the store a few months ago so I took one out of the cancer coffee can and then used it, I felt bad about it so next time I went there I put a dollar in it.
Non-Americans of Reddit, what does America do right?|The manufacture and sale of arms.
People who appear to have their shit together, what’s something you struggle with in order to make the rest of us feel better about our lives?|The best I can offer would be that my dating life is a little weird but that's about it. I really don't have much negative to say about my life. I have clean food and water. I have a warm shelter and I don't foresee anything coming up that's going to jeopardize that in the future. I'm in good health. So you know I don't have anything to complain about.
What's a must go to vacation spot that hardley anybody knows about?|Muncie, Indiana.
What type of clothing would you buy from Africa?|A dick leaf.
What's your favourite podcast right now?|Mine have always been This American Life or How I Built This
How would you react if you awoke to a tide wave of hot guys all wanting a piece of you?|swallow a tide pod
Americans of Reddit, What do you guys think of us Canadians?|"A friendly sort but why the fuck do you label your whiskey as ""rye"" when there isn't even any rye in there"
Workers of Reddit, what's the worst job you've ever had and when did you decide to quit?|Was a window cleaner for 2 weeks. Shit weather, early cold starts, hated it.
Reddit, what is your expectation about earning per month?|I live on $1100 a month.
You can spend your vacation in any fictional destination you choose. Where are you going?|Gondor
What is your most important personal rule?|Always wear clothes before leaving the house
What are some things that the government has obviously had some part in?|The illegal drug trade. Wasn't the CIA revealed to have made deals with Latin American drug cartels at some point (I think in the 1980s)?
What do think about country singer, Chris Stapleton getting Hard Rock radio airplay?|radio is shit to begin with, are you really surprised?
Hey Reddit, what products are completely different but have a very similar logo?|Call of duty and call of doody, I’m not making this up
PPL of Reddit - what will you gift your significant other on Valentine´s Day?|A box of Godiva chocolate, same as every year.
Generally, how much does Health Insurance cost in the US?|It varies widely depending on the plan you buy.  you want better coverage, you pay more, it also depends on your age and health and health habits. We also have the largest socialized , government run healthcare system in the world and have for decades, so we also have that...
What’s something people say that makes you laugh uncontrollably?|It's not what they say, it's how they act.
Who else hates the new Snapchat?|Me! Though to be fair, I hated the old Snapchat, too
What's the most ridiculous opinion you've seen someone attempt to defend, either IRL or online?|Some rapists don't know it is wrong....
Talkative people of reddit who keep talking to someone despite visual cues that they’re busy or not interested, why?|I'm not one of those people, but I think a lot of it has to do with a lack of self awareness.
women of reddit, why do you twerk when you walk down the street drinking a latte?|r/subredditsimulator is leaking again!
What do you hate the smell of?|Pig confinements. A smell you won't get out of your nose or clothes until everything is washed... thoroughly.
If your pet could understand you perfectly for just 30 seconds, apart from “I love you” what would you say to them?|Stop biting me please. If you are annoyed you can headbutt or meow or something. Your teeth HURT!
Job seekers of Reddit: What's the most WTF question you've been asked or strangest experience at an interview?|I had a job interview as a manager in a bakery inside of a supermarket. The store manager never mentioned anything related to my job during the interview, and we just talked about the kind of food we like, it was absurd
What's The Most Unbelievable Instance Of You Forgetting Something?|Took my doggo to the supermarket. Tied him up just inside the main doors. I got my shopping, walked out the other entrance and walked home. Just as I walked in the door I realized something was missing. No doggo!!! I ran all the way back to the supermarket and there he was, obivious to the fact I had forgotten him :/
Hey Reddit! What was your experiences when you finally got glasses?|Things were way more clear and sharp. Don't really know how to describe it beyond that.
Reddit, what’s the most ridiculous fact you know?|In cell biology, a blep is a bulge in the plasma membrane of a cell.
Reddit, what's your favorite New Girl quote?|"""Watch the New Girl weeknights at ??? on ???"" I think I heard that somewhere."
Which one song best represents your country?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1mlCPMYtPk
You have $10 million and 24hr to spend it; catch is, whatever you don’t spend is given back, and whatever you buy cannot be resold for 3 years, what do you buy?|I buy $10m in US treasuries.
How many total videos does the WatchMojo YT channel have as of 2/7/18?|69
People who never bothered studying in school, what suddenly made you click to start studying? Was it worth it?|"I never cared for studying until I had 10/10 female teachers that would give me hugs for doing well and sit on my chair with me when I asked questions.  
I'd spend hours  learning everything before we even make it to those sections in class so I'd be ready to answer all the questions and get 100s on all the quizzes and tests. That way when she'd walk around the class giving our tests/quizzes back she'd always give me *the look* which made life worth living for a while."
What bizarre living arrangements do you have?|1 bedroom apartment,3 people living there.  My friends are a couple and I crash in the living room. We have 3 TV's and 3 PS4's in the living room.
What do you think about the new Snapchat update?|Hate it. It’s confusing as hell and too busy for my liking.
People who believe in horoscopes, why?|I believe in them because they do exist.  There's evidence of horoscopes all over the internet.
What’s the creepiest thing you’ve seen or experienced while in the military?|"So no shit, there I was, in a QRF shack at BAF.  Guy next to me says, ""Hey, what's this?""  His hands gesture towards his lap.  And there they were.  Two hairy balls capped with a tiny dick."
What was the dumbest comment you've ever read on Facebook?|Back in college we had a kid in our class who was 17, fresh out of high school, from a small town up in the boonies. Because he could turn on a computer and use google, his whole family thought he was god's gift to computers, which went to his head, so he through he was destined to be an amazing programmer. In reality he was stupid, lazy, arrogant, and in general not nice to be around. He quickly got frozen out of study groups, and started venting about us on facebook, forgetting he'd added us all as friends at the start of the semester. We rebutted a lot of what he said, until his mother joins in and starts defending him. I wish I'd screencapped it. His mother, a woman I assume in her late 30s early 40s, typed like a 12 year old with ADHD. Random capitalization, punctuation wherever she felt like adding or ignoring it. Just a free flowing stream of consciousness that made no sense. But the gist of it was he was a perfect angel and a genius and were were all jealous idiots for not supporting him. We all laughed about it and left him alone. We decided if that was where he'd come from, he had no chance to begin with. (He ended up failing 3 out of 6 classes first semester. Last I heard it took him 4 years to complete a 2 year program, and he had to beg not to be kicked out.
If you could go to any event/celebration throughout all of history, specific or general, which would you go to?|The March on Washington back in the '60's. Or Woodstock lol
Reddit, what are some of your weird allergies?|Plastic chairs and wooden chairs also
How bad is it to smoke marijuana while pregnant?|Smoke no matter what it is from, is a carcinogen. So it is fucking terrible to smoke it while pregnant.
"If the admin of our reality launched an update right now that buffs all rats on earth with 100% poison immunity, an armoured exoskeleton protecting their necks and changing their ""flight"" response to ""fight"", what would happen?"|You need some sleep or something.
What are you addicted to, and why do you think you are addicted to it?|Reefer, I'm addicted to being able to relax. If I don't smoke I'm just tense most of the night.
What deceased celebrity would have wound up being unpleasant if they had lived on?|John Lennon.
Travelers of Reddit, what is your favorite place you've been to, and why?|Vaadhoo Island / Maldives For R&R you're allowed to go anywhere in the world expense free, so I picked the most random exotic place I could for my second tour.
What are some powerfully atmospheric works of art (e.g., musical albums, movies, books, paintings)?|Akira. I’d argue that it’s a perfect example of a good dystopian future movie/comic.
ladies, how come you always have to when walking with a latte?|You accidentally a word. Actually you accidentally the most critical word of your question.
Who is your favorite Family Guy character (not including the main household) and why?|Adam We.
What's something fun one could do with an old pc from 2012 that is too bad to sell?|a PC from 2012 is old?
Did Elon Musk put a time capsule in Starman's care? If you were sending a time capsule to space in a cool Tesla convertible, what precious things from earth would you put in the time capsule?|it probably wouldnt last very long
How does one remember how to eat/shower/clean regularly if they keep getting too invested in a certain task?|A person with good judgement should know when they should take a break and focus on their own health. Even if I’m invested in studying late at night, I still remember to take a break to get a shower and a bite to eat.
Reddit, how desperate are you for a bagel sandwich with salmon lox, cream cheese, and capers?|zero desperate
What can a 17 year old boy do without an English GCSE that is productive?|Writing. Just write. It’s good for you
what's the most morally twisted thing you could possibly do, while still being legal?|If you're a guy, have as many kids as possible.  You don't have to raise them. And you only have to pay a certain amount of child support legally (which will be split among the kids. More kids, less money for each child. Not enough to feed them... not your problem).
What simple word is constantly mispronounced?|Ask
what's something you just can't forget?|9/11
What has someone said to you that you can never forget?|M'namsjeff
"What is your best ""poor"" recipe?"|I make rice and put flavored tunas in it, or sometimes you can scramble eggs into the rice and that's decent
Hey reddit, what gets you through life?|Thinking about curses I could unleash on my enemies so that they would be hurt the most. No cursewords allowed. This is addicting af.
What are expensive things to pay for, that you can easily do by yourself for much less money?|Cosmetic Surgery.
Hey Reddit. What’s the one item or brand that you won’t penny pinch on just to save a bit of cash?|Art supplies, quality is important
If you could bring one subreddit back from the dead, which one would you choose?|"The only ""dead"" subs I can even remember, I'd only resurrect so I could shoot them in the head and bury them again."
So, what did you do for your S.O. on Valentine's Day today?|Cheeky OP.
Americans of Reddit, who was/is Mr Rogers?|Our dear neighbor.  The only one who really believed that we were all special, just the way we are.
If you lost your job, had nothing tying you down and had some savings, what would you do?|Move to Vietnam.
Reddit, what is simultaneously really cool and completely pointless?|Adult light up shoes
If someone had just woken up from a 30 year coma, what do you think they would enjoy seeing the most?|Family and friends.
Redditors who have seen someone die, what happened, and what was it like?|"The thing that messed with my head the most was the feeling that any minute they would ""wake up"".  Even though I knew with absolute certainty they had fully passed on, my brain kept expecting them to sit up and start talking or something."
What is the personality type of people who like rain very much?|chill
What city have you found is different than the general perception of it?|I liked Paris, I really did. But holy shit no one ever mentioned how awful that city smells
What is the weirdest way someone greeted you?|Gazizza My Duzznoofuss
What foods should you never eat raw?|Fruits and vegetables.
Lawyers of Reddit, do clients actually tell you when they are guilty?|Logan Paul did 9/11
What is something someone says to you that makes you think less of them?|Any form of passive aggressiveness.
cat owners of reddit: where do you keep your litter box?|Used to keep it in the laundry room. A place that is usually not visited by guests and not highly trafficked.
Which part of your house are you most afraid of?|The crawlspace.  There's black widow spiders and snakes.
On a scale of Czechoslovakia to British Palestine, how amicable was your breakup?|Russia and 3/4
If you could have been a personal assistant to any pre-1700 person, who would it be?|Robin hood.
If you died tomorrow, what would you regret not telling someone?|That I liked the girl I liked
Whose name should more people know?|Inka Williams and Natalie Alyn Lind
What was the most important song to you growing up? And how has it aged?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxvwW_xredo Andreas Vollendweider was the artist my mother played most when I was a baby, and for me (and all my siblings) it's the music that best represents peace.
Insecure people of reddit, what was your most confident moment?|I’ve been insecure most of my life but also did theatre. One afternoon in high school, after a performance, for whatever reason, maybe hormones, I just felt like I could do anything. If a lion tried to attack me I could wrestle it. It’s weird that I still remember that and haven’t felt that good since.
You're offered 10 million USD for eating only a single food of your choice for the next 5 years. What do you do?|Eat a single food of my choice for 5 years
What’s typically not for sale that you’d consider selling if the price was right?|My asshole.
Who needs a pick me up?|I'll take one please
Once, a bird pooped in my eye while looking up at the sky; what's something small, yet gross that's happened to you?|A girl queefed in my mouth while I ate her out.
When has an otherwise poor or mediocre show/movie/game/book had a fascinating story arc, concept, or detail and what was it?|For example, Supernatural (disclaimer, I still love it and watch it religiously even now) overall in story telling is very mediocre at best. But I think a fascinating story element that they really passed up on was the concept of the angels being cast out of heaven while also permanently closing the gates of Hell. I think it's a great tidbit in an otherwise objectively mediocre show.
What cheap foods are filling and healthy?|Sawdust and cardboard
If animals could talk what is the worst thing they could blackmail you for?|pooping with the door open i guess.
Every actress/actor living or dead gains all the abilities and powers of characters they've played, and are pitted against one another in a fight to the death. Who is winning and why?|The guy who plays pooh bear because nobody would ever want to kill him.
"What is the one thing someone can do to you to make kissing go from ""this is pleasant"" to ""holy crap yes!"" ?"|Finger up the bum
Russian bots of Reddit, what do you do on non-election years?|Power down.
What is the best kind of Sandwich?|A free one.
What will happen with Elon Musk's car in space?, will it wear somehow down because of micro meteorites and radiation?|keep walking until home
What's your favorite Chinese food sauce?|Sweet and Sour or Spicy Mustard, it's a toss-up
Hi Reddit! How much money can you make before you lose Medicaid benefits?|I have an employee who is 19 years old and has type 1 diabetes. I'm concerned that if he earns too much, he will lose his benefits. His medicine alone is 2k a month. This doesn't include all his doctors appointment cost, testing supplies. I'm really concerned about him.
If you could do drugs with anybody from the 80s, who would it be and why?|Vitamins with hulk hogan
What happens if I spank Dwyane Johnson?|\#Dwaynetoo
People who have watched someone die, how did witnessing it change you?|I heard someone commit suicide by jumping off a roof on new years day. I didnt see it. I just heard the bang. I dont think it changed me except maybe to reflect on the fragility of life.
If you did drugs with an alien from outer space, what drug would it be?|Weed, he's not going to shoot me with a laser pistol if he's nicely baked; he won't know were to go for tacos.
Introverts of Reddit, what are some of your best/worst social experiences?|Me and my friend was going on a “couples date”. We were 12 (yes, wtf were we actually doing). We met at the local swimming place. We exchanged a few words with our “dates” and then we tried to buy a required wristband only to be told that you needed to be 13 to enter. Then we left, we didn’t say to the girls that we couldn’t get in. We just left without a word. I got home and I deleted kik (the messaging app we used) and never heard form then again.  Pretty much everything we could’ve done wrong we did.
What does being successful mean to you?|Making enough money to live comfortably and happily.
What are some pretty backwards or outlandish things people you know say/believe is true?|I'll start, my dad thinks the internet is a fad, he wishes an EMP blast would knock out all electronics because life was better and he would totally survive.
What would you do if you are asked on a date during a job interview, where you don't want to date but want the job?|"""No"". If I'm asked out during an interview, I'd no longer want to work for that company."
"Next you're gonna say, ""what is your favourite Jojo's quote?"""|What is your favorite Jojo’s quo- You little... /s
What sarcastic advice have you given that was taken seriously?|All in on Ripple
What is the best restaurant that you have ever been to?|Applebees
What else do you think Elon Musk could have put inside the Roadster that nobody knows about?|a dna sample.
Do you genuinely enjoy your job? Why or why not?|Not really. It's better than my last job but it's still a boring and meaningless stretch of empty time in my life that I only do because I don't have a choice. But I don't hate it and I make sure I do a good job partly because I wouldn't feel right if I didn't but also because I need to keep the job. The other benefit I get from my job is that it forces me to go out and interact with people every day, even if it's just the same four or five people in my department. If I didn't have to work I'd probably stay home all day and develop a fear of leaving the house eventually. The company itself is pretty blah. I don't hate them but I don't really care for them and I feel no sense of loyalty beyond the basic human decency I show toward everyone. I don't feel they'd extend me the same courtesy though and if it would benefit them financially I'm sure they'd drop me without a second thought.
Ex-prisoners, how was the food?|Overcooked
What are some crazy theoretical ideas that CAN be entirely possible?|Were in the matrix
What is the photo, gif, or video that you have that always makes you laugh?|"I still love the surprised marmot (people call it surprised squirrel).  The marmot turns around with a wild look in its eye, music comes in ""Dun dun dun!!!!!!!"""
What was your worst experience while taking drugs or mind altering substances?|Running out.
How big is UKF in England?|Full disclosure: I'm in the US, a huge fan of all variations of music UKF puts out, and it's all awesome. Just curious how popular it is in its home country/how it permeates in popular culture. Like Monstercat is pretty big over here I feel but doesn't get on the radio or anything. Just curious.
What is the weirdest fan fiction you have ever read?|I read that giant squid/Hogwarts castle fic back in the day. Not sure if it should count though since it was so obviously a troll fic.
If you could take one famous inventor from the past, and bring them into the future to show them what they started, who would it be?|Tesla
What's your best get-well-quick remedy for when you're sick with a cold?|Take a slice of lemon and put it in the bottom of a mug. Cut up some fresh ginger and toss it on the lemon. Put in a squirt of honey. Cover with boiling water and let it steep for 10 minutes or so. Drink as many of those bad boys as I can handle until I'm not sick any more.
On the attractiveness scale (1-10) what celebrity would you score the lowest and what would you rate them?|Amy Schumer: -5
What is the last compliment you gave someone?|Nice haircut
What’s your post-work ritual?|Skytrain home > Study Spanish while I commute. Get Home > Check idle games and reset. Lift Make dinner Woodwork Video games Tea and cookies Sleep
What are your favorite and least favorite things about Reddit?|Favorite: The community and positivity Least Favorite: The negativity
If you could unban someone from Reddit, who would it be?|For me, it might be /u/ViolentAcrez
Why is or why is it not homophobic to think that two dudes mouth kissing is disgusting?|It's not wrong to personally find it disgusting, what's wrong is being a dick about it.
What do you know about the Caribbean?|Captain Jack Sparrow spent some time there
What is a smell that you absolutely can't stand?|For me it's stuff with a strong fragrance like incense , those really strong smelling lotions, and perfume. It's usually an automatic headache for me and I don't know why :/
if you could start a discussion with fellow redditors without worry of the taboo of the subject or being downvoted to oblivion, what would you discuss?|circumcision.
Why aren’t children taught, in schools, about Frankfurt School communist motives in the US schools?|Why am I  taught about capitalist motives in school
Which two tv series would make the best cross-over episode? How would it go?|Parks and Rec with CSI: Ron Swanson, noted lover of riddles, solves crimes for the Pawnee Police Department, but bristles when FBI Special Agent Burt Macklin wants to take over a case.
Mechanics of reddit, how do you protect your hands/body while on the job?|"""It doesn't hurt as much if you're drunk"" - My mechanic."
Reddit what would u if there was no internet for the next 24hrs?|Read my books
What helps you decide if a website/company is real or fake?|There’s a little lock symbol that comes up if the website is safe for debit or credit card use.  Also if they accept PayPal
What’s your travel horror story?|This one time I showed up at the airport 25 minutes before my flight, I walked through security and they called my name on the PA.  Made it to the gate with 10 minutes to spare. I was worried I wasn't going to make my flight.
Those with desk jobs or offices, what are some weird items you have in your drawers at work?|Jar of dirt and rocks from a well I drilled.
How does volunteering at soup kitchens help people?|People get soup. Food helps people not die.
What are some easy and creative ways a freshman in high school can demonstrate Newton’s second law?|Throw an egg at a sheet.
Say there's a potion that enables you to live forever, but it has a side effect in that you also sleep forever; would you take it? Why or why not?|No. Because sleeping isn’t living.
What is the worst video on the internet?|its probably somebody dabbing over a stupid bottle flip
what are the best unethical life hacks that actually work?|Brides and Blackmail. Everyone has a price. I am in no way advocating these however.
Reddit Users around the world: Are rings used to symbol marriage in your home? If not what do you use to show you're married?|My parents have been married for 23 years and my dad rarely wears his wedding band because he almost lost his finger once because it got caught on something. My mom still loves/wears her engagement ring though.
Do you think homework is a complete waste of time? Why or why not?|If you can't learn the material, and be proficient enough in it to answer questions quickly, then homework isn't a waste of time. If you're already good at the material, then the homework is just easy points for your grade.
"High School ""Nerds"" of Reddit: How Well Did Your Life Turn Out for You?"|Alright, I'm still a nerd, and I'm still lazy. I make decent money and have a decent life, nothing special.
Anyone's phone ran out of battery at a really important time? If so what was important / what was lost ?|Was on my way to get some pussy...
Whats the stupidest thing you've ever seen an AI do in a video game?|Resident Evil 4. *Everything the daughter did was fucking dumb.* I would have to climb up a ladder, she would get in the way. I would have to shoot a bunch of cultists, she would be in the way. I would just be walking, she would be in the way.
Redditors who were diagnosed with Mesothelioma, did you ever actually receive financial compensation? If so, how and how much?|My grandfather died from it. He and my grandmother got some financial compensation. I don't know how much, but it helped him feel like he could still take care of her, at least in that way.
Any Americans around here that can say what is the greatest person in your country? Why?|Right now I think Elon Musk is a strong contender. He's doing some great things lately.
Non-religious individuals of reddit, what do you think happens to your consciousness after death?|It just goes black and you never wake up. That's it
Highschool Dropouts of Reddit, where are you now?|Working in the office
What is your favorite movie quote?|"""Garbage blows in my face sometimes.""  
Followed by, ""I'm just a fucked up girl looking for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours."""
Feminists of reddit, what don't you like about modern western societies?|**grabs popcorn**  this should be quite the list
Reddit, what was your reaction if you have ever unexpectedly stumbled across a photo or a video on the internet of you or a loved one?|I came across a photo of my cousin on a flight once on Reddit’s front page. It was really strange. I did a double take and then messaged him about it. One of his friends had posted it and he didn’t even know he has thousands of upvotes haha.
What is your online dating horror story?|I am the horror story. Can't wait for someone to post their experience with me.
What is something you thought was difficult but turned out to be extremely easy?|skateboarding.  I tried it when I was young and fell on my ass the second I got on. Fast forward to the end of high school, I tried it out again at a friends house and ended up getting my own nickle board and love it!
If America is a capitalist country why is it against the law to sell your organs?|Religious influence
How do you see the future of the world playing out?|We will overpopulate, start eating minerals, develop genetically engineered castes and nuke ourselves to extinction
At what point in our space-faring future will our civilization start to recognize the Moon and the Sun by official names?|Uh, like Luna and Sol?
Redditors who are AGAINST the legalization of marijuana, why?|I'll be out of business. Honestly I'm afraid it's going to be treated like tobacco, and I mean chemical treatment.
(NSFW) Sex workers of Reddit, have any of your friends wanted to pay for your services? How did it turn out?|"I've had a few friends who were interested in doing so but in talking with them, it became clear that they didn't want to pay at all, wanted a ""friend discount"" or wanted to pay with something else other than money. Nothing happened in any of these cases and then I had a friend who was interested because he wanted to lose his virginity, he actually backed out of it on a couple of occasions which I put down to nerves. Finally went through with it and it was fine, it happened and we're still friends."
What is the most genius way to cheat on a exam you have ever seen?|Scanning a soda bottles label, shopping out the text, then rewriting the answers in the ingredients section. Smart move.
Whats a question you can ask that can easily be taken the wrong way?|Never ever ask a woman if she is pregnant.
What low value items have you stolen from work?|Nice try, HR
What are the little things in life you enjoy?|Meeting new dogs.
Whats the strangest way you've ever been payed for a job?|BEANS!!!!!!
Hey Reddit, what is a book/book series that you feel is heavily underrated? Why do you like it?|Mistborn series. I think it’s well known but it definitely could have been turned into something more. In fact I think that all of Brandon Sanderson ‘s books set in that universe are really good. They’re well thought out and portray many interesting themes and different takes on things.
Other than drugs and orgasms, what is the best physical feeling in the world?|Having a piss after holding it in for ages.
What cheese did you always think of as the “standard” cheese while growing up?|American kraft singles
Roadies of Reddit, what are some of your best tour-related stories?|So there I am, in Sri Lanka, formerly Ceylon, at about 3 o'clock in the morning, looking for one thousand brown M&Ms to fill a brandy glass, or Ozzy wouldn't go on stage that night. So, Jeff Beck pops his head 'round the door, and mentions there's a little sweets shop on the edge of town. So - we go.  And - it's closed.  So there's me, and Keith Moon, and David Crosby, breaking into that little sweets shop, eh. Well, instead of a guard dog, they've got this bloody great big Bengal tiger. I managed to take out the tiger with a can of mace, but the shopowner and his son... that's a different story altogether. I had to beat them to death with their own shoes. Nasty business, really. But, sure enough, I got the M&Ms, and Ozzy went on stage and did a great show.
"What is your favorite ""It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia"" quote?"|Frank: Look, I didn't go to Vietnam just to have pansies like you take my freedom away from me. Dee: You went to Vietnam in 1993 to open up a sweatshop! Frank: ...and a lot of good men died in that sweatshop!
What were you too young to be traumatized by?|My sister peeing on me
"What would you say to someone who's celebrating his/her birthday today besides from ""Happy Birthday""?"|Congratulations on another successful rotation around the sun
When did you receive your last compliment?|I’m still waiting
What seems impressive but is actually easy to do?|Being a kind person
Where can you find a chair that's the perfect height for blow jobs?|The iron throne.
Who is the epitome of cool?|Clint Eastwood in The Man With No Name trilogy.
What was your whistle-blowing experience?|Well I'm a referee so...
Which Lego piece is your favourite?|the severed head
If you could replace the government of your country, what policies/ideologies would you implement?|It would be all libertarian all the time baby!
What's the worst situation you've ever put yourself in?|Nearly married the wrong person. Thank God she didn't have the discipline to wait until after the wedding to cheat on me.
Americans of reddit what word describes the smooth-skinned, dark purple bell-shaped vegetable?|Eggplant.
Compare your childhood crush to your adulthood crush, how are they different?|bigger boobies. The same result tho. *R* *E* *J* *E* *C* *T* *I* *O* *N*
Which country has the most interesting history?|Texas
Reddit, what will be the internet's reaction in 2000 years when NASA finds Elon Musk's Roadster orbiting around the sun in our solar system?|NASA in 2000 years?
What’s your go to activity for dealing with stress?|Working out
If you could only recommend one song for the rest of you life, what would it be?|Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men
What is something that you like/enjoy doing but people around you don't get it?|I LOVE going to dog show. Seeing all the dogs, meeting the breeders and buying dog supplies
Hair stylists, hair dressers, barbers (etc): what’s the worst fuck up you’ve done to someone’s hair? Were you able to fix it without them knowing?|*not a hair person* I've had a barber give my a number 1 all the way around my head and even on top with clippers. I walked out without paying. I said to not touch the top with clippers and they did the opposite.
If instead of a Klondike bar we got the Community movie, what would you do?|I'd sit through The Notebook.
What stereotype is actually true?|People in the south care WAYYYY too much about the regional supremacy of SEC football teams.
What's an album you think everyone should listen to?|The Upsides by The Wonder Years
What are the best ways for cities and residents to respond to homelessness and find solutions to this issue?|Kick all the illegal immigrants out, give the homeless their jobs and housing. Easy.
"What is everyone's favourite ""90's"" song?"|I like big butts.
What is the scariest way to live?|On the edge
If every country/state had a sports team with the same name style as the Cleveland Indians and Dallas Cowboys, what would some of them be?|Los Angeles Hipsters
What would former presidents say if they had Twitter accounts?|I did not have sexual relations with that woman -Bill Clinton
Elon musk launched his car into space, what would you send?|This just sounds like a corporate scam to make me get rid of my shit and then have to buy more.
What's the best description of your eating style?|Same way I suck dick. I use my mouth.
What's your most memorable experience with a neighbour?|Pulling the ol you show me yours and ill show you mine when we were around 5 Mom heard the whole exchange through the window and was not impressed
If you were an Irish wrestler what would your wrestling name be?|Soylent Green
People of the world, what is one thing you would like everybody to hear in 2018?|"""I quit"" -- Donald Trump From, The World"
How is it like to meet/know people with the same first name as you?|Happens a lot because I have a fairly common name, but somehow it still feels kinda weird.
Graduates of Reddit, at what age did you join college ? Do you regret it ?|Started college at 19, graduated 3 years later  and have done nothing with my diploma so far . I don’t regret going, but I do regret my program choice. Now at 24, I’m highly considering going back and getting a degree.
What's something you had to learn the hard way?|Managers can be slackers too. They won’t always do their job, tell you what you need to know, or follow the rules.  Relationship problems need to be worked-out between the people in the relationship. Venting with your friends and family may feel “supportive” but ultimately won’t help resolve anything since you’re almost definitely telling just one side and working against reconciliation.
What's the worst economical decision you've made?|Started smoking
Have you ever got a feeling in your gut that makes you want to stay when in a comfortable place?|Uhh yeah?....
What Onomatopoeia is spot on?|Buzz
Reddit, what can you do to make strangers hate you?|Tell them you support the political party they don't, or religion they don't, or sports team they don't.
What is your favorite museum? Why is it your favorite?|American Museum of Natural History in NYC. That big ass blue whale on the ceiling is doooooope.
What's the worst experience you had in a sub?|I bit into it and it was all soggy. No
What's something that a family member does that drives you crazy?|My grandparents let thier kids/grandkids steal from them. Just the other day an aunt stole $1100 from my opa and then they had her over for dinner
Do you run a monetized youtube channel? What is it about and how did you grow it?|101 subscribers. You collaborate with other small channels and affiliate your channel with a company that gives you money for views
When the weather is awful (specifically snow) why do some traffic lights not work?|cause: your city manager is an idiot
What’s your get rich quick scheme ?|Stop spending money.
Employees of reddit, how do you feel whether or not your wages have risen with your productivity/workload?|I haven't gotten a raise at this job and it's been almost two years lol. Nobody's ever mentioned them and I'm starting to think they just don't give out raises at all.
What's something inappropriate you accidentally said in front of a kid?|Sparkling wiggles.
What makes you cringe?|Seeing the same post over and over
If a worldwide famous person spontaneously kidnapped you, who would you hope it to be?|Keanu Reeves
Apple employees, what's the worst/best thing you've seen saved as a background in your store?|Why only Apple stores?
What’s your opinion on relationships only working out when theres an alpha and a beta ?|bs
What is your favourite line from Rick and Morty?|"Rick: ""Hey Morty, lets have gay sex"""
Hey Reddit, what is the biggest case of settling you've seen in a relationship?|Mine.  Ba-dam-tss
without saying a number, what time of day is it where you are?|night time?
What inconsequential thing gets you irrationally furious?|People that play music in public without headphones
What do you think would happen if humans decided to restore the Great Pyramids?|there would be a casino next to it
What is the worst Freudian slip you have heard or said yourself?|"I meant to say ""Pass the butter"" to my mother-in-law, but I said ""I'm going to stab you in the face, you've ruined my life"" instead."
Hi Reddit, what are the strangest allergies you have ever known someone to have?|Not too out there but a girl I knew in grade school was allergic to tomatoes and lemons. Every school lunch, birthday party, or any event for kids really would always have pizza or lemonade. She had to bring her own food everywhere
What's your thoughts on the theory that if a guy is poor, online dating, and has a light dimmer switch he is probably having lots of casual sex?|Uhh are you trying to see if you’re getting profiled?
What’s the hardest exam/test you have ever taken?|the one where it asks for your name and date. I can never get past that bit
If all the atoms within every single human was turned into max sized birch worlds. Of which all the atoms within each birch world was turned into even MORE birch worlds, how many birch worlds would we have?|To clarify, a birch world is a hypothetical megastructure roughly 1 light year in diameter, and is hollow to compensate for a hypermassive black hole for a comfortable 1 gee at its surface. Assuming each birch world could prevent itself from collapsing and had a thickness of 1000Km at its solid crust layer, how many birch worlds would we end up with? https://youtu.be/ioKidcpkZN0?t=22m3s **Bonus:** Try and find out how many humans could live in this hypercluster of birch worlds.
What's the one thing that irritates you the most about your coworker(s)?|Hourly employees that complain about money/pay, but fail to show up on time.
What was your co-worker from hell ?|they breathe
If your good friend’s wedding and your own graduation we’re on the same day, around the same time, which would you choose?|Depends on how good a friend, but honestly if it is my best friend I'd probably go to their wedding. As of now my friends are my age so I shouldn't have that issue.
How often do you lie on reddit?|Never
What are some LPT's that would have really only been useful in the 90's?|Take the cartridge out, blow into it, and put it back
"Reddit, what are some useful ""crash-courses"" for profitable professions that people can benefit and learn quickly from?"|Real estate from Trump Universitahahahaha, i almost said it with a straight face!!! Lol, seriously if that ever goes back in business, don’t do that one, it is a scam!
What's one dangerous sport that has came along way with safety?|Formula1
What are some thoughts you have while pooping in a public bathroom?|Existentialism, Nihilism, and the pointlessness of life in general.
Redditors who have won the jackpot from lotteries/gambling/etc, what did you do with all the money?|I bought a lot of garlic
What's the messiest/ most dramatic breakup you've ever been through?|Is good to be a Vergin at age 25 and going though ridding.
What is an up and coming city that a lot of people ignore or don't know about?|Philly has been up and coming since 1776
Drug users of Reddit, why do you get high/drunk/lifted/faded/zooted?|To forget about all the synonyms you guys manage to come up with for it
What would you like someone to ask you?|To write an essay about how bad Islam is
Whats that thing that most people dont realize is incredibly rare?|Tantalum. it's the stuff that capacitors in portable electronic devices are made from. without it all of our our electronics would be much, much, bigger.
What tool, appliance, or gadget have you bought that now you can't imagine living with out?|Real talk? Smart phone. GPS so I don't get lost, phone for emergencies, YouTube for cooking AND my plan lets me turn it into a hotspot for subpar wifi. They're legit amazing.
People who haven't shut the door on Mormon missionaries and let them speak, how did it go?|something something jesus something something 14 year old something something multiple wives.
Whats the best decision you've made while horny?|"""Fuck it, I'll ask her out."" It worked. :)"
White professionals with a non-white sounding name, what kind of discrimination have you faced job hunting? Have you changed anything because of it?|"I’ve been asked if I am Muslim, Fijian, or Arabic.
Not one gets my name right. 
Everyone calls me ‘Anita, Lisa, Melissa,’ and I actually had someone say ‘Anita? Alisa? Oh whatever your name is!’
I have attached a professional looking photo of me to my resume. I am white m, blonde and freckles everywhere."
What's the most ridiculous thing you have in your CV?|Groucho Marx impression.
What is the most unique,possibly entertaining way of getting over a crush on a really good friend?|Marrying them. They no longer become your crush after that.
Couples that live together on Reddit. How do you handle the bills?|I pay all the bills, my wife maintains our house and tends to the needs of our children until I get home.
Reddit, what are your favorite scary stories?|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scary_Stories_to_Tell_in_the_Dark
DMs and GMs of Reddit, what have you put in your games that you thought was very clearly telegraphed that your players never picked up on?|"They walk up and see a lone gravestone across from a mansion on a hill. They inspect the gravestone and notice that a 5 foot circle around the grave is devoid of grass whereas the rest of the field is overgrown with tall grass. The casters get a feeling that this is arcane in nature. The party thinks ""Hrm... that's a creepy grave, let's continue on and check this house out"". They find 2 or 3 shovels inside the house and learn that the previous tenant had been digging up graves a hundred years ago when the house was inhabited. Not once did they think to dig up the magical, eerie grave and figure out what was causing all the unrest."
what are your goals/dreams want to achieve by the end of 2018?|Getting married
You are the only one who survived the apocalypse. You get to revive any 5 people that have ever lived on Earth. Who will they be?|my ex, my other ex, my other ex, my other ex and my dog. I want to see them fight over me, but I bet they would just choose my dog over me
What was the best thing that ever happened to you by accident?|My birth.
What do you do at work ( that's not work related ) to make your day more interesting?|I entertain myself with audiobooks and language courses. So far listened to 200 books and learned Spanish, German and French
Hello everyone, what was your first experience with the police, was it negative or positive?|"16 years old, arrested for stealing (minor crap from a house).  I was dumb as a sack or rocks, this kid I knew wanted to steal stuff, I went along with it so I was just as culpable for sure, no excuse for it.  Idiotic, I should have done what I knew to be right and just said, ""uh, no, sounds like a really bad idea, later"". It ended up being positive in that the experience made me change my life a lot so that I would not have to experience the whole process again, particularly the part where I got to spend time in a jail cell and get threatened by a lot of other kids who were probably tougher than me (or at any rate, more intimidating to me)."
What are you getting your SO for Valentine’s Day?|A new glove
If every number was a person, what person would be number 69?|Ariana Grande
What are you cautiously optimistic about?|New friendships / relationships.
What is the epitome dog name?|Gnarles Barkly
What's the biggest coincidence in history?|"I heard once that two days before the Germans invaded the Soviet Union in WWII, Soviet archeologists found the tomb of a descendant of Genghis Khan that had an inscription saying something along the lines of ""Whoever opens this tomb will unleash an invader worse than me."" They opened it anyway and two days later the Germans attacked."
"What are your own ""anti depression"" songs?"|Classic rap always seems to bring me out of a funk.
If you could ask any one person in the world one question, who would it be and what would you ask?|Do they have to answer honestly? Do you regret marrying me.
What is the most ridiculous argument between two people you have witnessed online?|I once stumbled across a website for people who genuinely believed they were werewolves, and they were arguing about how painful the ‘shift’ was 🤷🏻‍♀️ found it quite interesting despite myself
Hello people of AskReddit, what did you put your stat points into?|Procrastination
Besides the obvious Garbage Man - What was your dream job as a child?|A paleontologist
You are what you eat. What are you?|P u s s y
People who watch videos on your phone with loud audio in public bathrooms, why didn't your parents teach you how to behave?|ur just assuming the situation. what if they can’t poop without listening to something and they can’t afford headphones
[NSFW] Which celebrity would you not expect to see in a porno?|Danny DeVito
People with strong political beliefs, who is someone on the other side of the political spectrum that you think is smart and you respect?|I think most of the people on the left are smart, Especially high ranking government officials. You don’t get into those types of positions by being dumb.
What are some of the scariest tv shows youve ever seen?|Hannibal is great and creepy af
Its pretty hard to be surprised by news anymore, what news story would genuinely surprise you?|Trump steps down, Pence resigns, Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis take over as POTUS and VPOTUS.  I’d be like woah.
What’s something that’s only good with childhood nostalgia?|Most cartoons from the '80's. GI Joe, Transformers, etc.
What's something you really want that is under $25 USD?|Ive never had chipotle
People who have travelled to Ireland, how did your trip compare to your perception of the country?|Less bombings than expected.
What's something ridiculous that many people take seriously?|Politics
What are some good hobbies for couples to do together?|Going to the local pond and feeding ducks lettuce bits. But don't give them bread, that makes them sick.
Put forensic in front of your job title. What are your new job responsibilities, and how do you help solve cases?|Forensic student. I figured out cases like which dog ate my homework based on the clues.
What story from your life has the most unexpected ending?|I played a game with my sister where she would take 2 cups, pee in one, and put water in the other. Then I had to drink one of the cups
What's one thing that wasn't considered taboo 75 years ago, but is considered taboo nowadays?|Children being naked
Lawyers of reddit, have you ever had to defend a person who you knew was guilty of a bad crime? What was it like? Do you not try as hard in those cases?|Not a lawyer. The purpose of a defense lawyer is not actually to get the client off. It is to provide the best defense possible, knowing the other side will also do the best job they can.
"Theres an announcement that in one weeks time, there will be a ""Purge"" day. How do you survive?"|or don't
To Reddit’s recruiters, how can someone ask an employer to make the hiring decision faster? you already sent 2 followup emails but the employer is taking long time. how can you speed up the process?|Tell them that the candidate may have other opportunities. If they are interested, they should act.
If you had to cycle across the USA and couldn't stay in hotels/homes, how would you do it?|its what most call ....camping..where you live outdoors..yes you will live.
What’s something you still do, even though you know it’s a waste of time?|Spend time on Reddit even though I should study for the upcoming exams
What’s the one thing that’s always bothered you for the majority of your life?|That there isn't a company out there that mass produces FFX style Blitzballs. Here's hoping Elon Musk learns about the FF franchise and starts producing top of the line grade merch that goes beyond key chains and shirts.
What is the scariest place on Earth?|My basement.
What technology is there today that would resemble a black mirror episode if you were told about it 10 years ago?|facial recognition
When you met your current significant other, what was it about them that sold you on starting a new relationship?|She took me into a back room alone, turned the TV on and schooled me in Mariokart 64.
What should not be considered a good thing, but is?|death penalty
What's your Freudian slip story?|I couldn't stop using breast terminology and allusions once when talking to a women who had *enormous boobs* that was wearing a loose crop top.
Those who didn't peak in high school, what's life like now?|I'm still waiting to peak
Whats your guys opinion on being 25 years old?|My 20's sucked!
What’s the meanest thing a teacher has said to you or someone you knew?|"High school teacher told me he would be shocked if I ever graduated since I was so ""lazy"". I used to believe him back then, but in hindsight I was a kid that'd fallen through the cracks. I was caring for my dying father and alcoholic mother, and I was sleeping in class because of pure exhaustion."
At what moment does one truly become an adult?|When you learn to think about others needs, not just your own.
In what situations would a 3rd person view benefit us in real life?|To know if we look fat in clothes.
What product(s) are advertised as healthy while actually terrible for you?|Vapes
What other ways do you use your shower, kitchen, and bathroom sink other than taking a shower, washing hands, or dishes?|I piss in my kitchen sink if I have to go really bad and know I won't make it to the shower.
What are some of the best pranks you can play with poop?|Saran wrap over the toilet bowl but under the seat.
What is your favorite Reddit novelty user account?|I want u/floydthebarbarian to grace us with his presence again.
How do you respond to a gangster who's dissing your fly girl?|DANCE OFF
What could you buy a lot of cheaply now that would be worth loads in 30 years time?|The 2048 sports almanac.
How is a rocket able to accelerate constantly?|It's only able to accelerate until it's out of fuel.
What is something people never use correctly?|Punctuation;
What should be considered a good thing, but isn't?|Communism. Don't look at the subs I follow.
What’s the worst bathroom you’ve ever been in?|My neighbor has one that was never cleaned. The toilet was discolored with cigs everywhere, the tile was fucked beyond repair, I've seen live mice in the bathtub.
redditors that spent time in prison, what was the scariest experience you had?|always this vague threat of male on male sex. god damn i hate f@ggots
"When was the last time you involuntarily said ""What the fuck?"""|Probably while browsing reddit.
Hello Reddit, what's your barely made it alive story?|I fell asleep for a second on the highways and the sidings that make your car go brraaaa woke me up as i was heading for a median at 70mph. Please take a nap if you are exhausted before driving.
Hey Reddit, who is someone who was super famous at one point but is basically a normal person now and completely out of the limelight?|Val Kilmer
What memory do you have that you have no rhyme or reason for?|I remember a red lunch box sitting on top of a cubby on my way out for recess. For literally no reason, I told myself I was going to remember it forever. Fifteen years later and I remember that lunch box better than I remember some people.
What’s something unique that you collect?|Tamagotchis! My collection isn't anything super impressive, but I do have one worth like 300$!
What is extremely common but people think it’s very rare?|diamonds
What’s your best one liner?|I’ve been watching how much I drink. I call it binge watching
What is something that people find embarrassing, but shouldn't?|Being the fat guy in the gym
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?|the girl in little miss sunshine and beatrix kiddo in kill bill
If Reddit was given a genie, what would be our three wishes?|Not sure, but I'm sure we all end up with pink hair and something resembling a vagina.
What are some scary/creepy/disturbing subreddits?|r/nosleep
What gets you emotional?|New Zealand
What, in your opinion, would be the most terrifying way to die?|Nothing is more terrifying than the thought of being locked in a box and being buried alive.
Women of reddit, what makes a man creepy?|The lingering looks is a big one. Everyone looks, everyone stares. When you get caught look away or smile and look away. Don't smile and keep looking.  A more specific example was I worked with a man who asked me if I had a passport. I told him no. He told me I really should get one and brought me in a passport application. I told him if I wanted a passport I would have one. He then offered to pay for my passport.  I figured he wanted to kidnap me or something idk. This is just one of MANY creepy/weird things this guy did.
When you die what do you want to be remembered for?|she was severely underrated
What unsolved mystery chills you to the bone?|The Hinterkaifeck murders
What are some good reliable cars?|What's your budget?
What is the single most badass quote you've ever heard?|Come with me if you want to live
Men of Reddit, what’s your worst barbershop experience?|Whenever I say take an inch off. They always take noticeably more than what I said. Every fucking time
What were the best couch co-op games you enjoyed playing?|Super Smash TV
Whom do you want to sleep with between Megan Fox and Ivanka Trump?|I feel like I would get nervous having sex between two strangers.
When did you stop believing in Santa?|Wait. WHAT?!?!?!
What community/fanbase deserves every ounce of hatred they get and why?|Any group that is united in hatred deserves to be hated. In my opinion a good person is someone who loves love and hates hatred.  People who love hatred and hate love... I can't see them as anything but evil.
Answer with only a song title. How was your 2017?|I've Got A Dark Alley And A Bad Idea That Says You Should Shut Your Mouth
What is something you are surprised hasn't been resolved yet?|The lag on HQ Trivia
What activity on average has the least possibility of dying while doing it during a lifetime?|Seriously, nothing. You can die while having sex, eating, exercising, sleeping, driving, sitting and doing nothing, gaming, talking, breathing, studying, arguing, campaigning, banking, working, etc.
Whom do you want to sleep with between Tiffany Trump and Ivanka Trump?|easily Ivanka lol
Hey Reddit, my girlfriend an I are heading to Iceland, Poland and Amsterdam and we leave on Friday! What are some cool things to do and good places to stay?|If you're outdoorsy at all, you should try fishing in Iceland. From what I've heard its a load of fun.
Where are you supposed to rest your eyes on a crowded bus?|the butt of the nearest lady there
Hey Reddit, what are some of the best products one can use to protect running shoes from getting dirty?|Plastic bag
People that had their ear bones removed, how did you recover hearing?|i didnt
What is the nicest thing a teacher ever said to you?|You fuck just like yo pops
What is easier done than said?|Adultery
Fellow students and former students of Reddit, what's the best way you've found to study?|Practice questions. Quizlet, ends of textbooks chapters, anything that forces you to apply the information. I've NEVER read my texts. I go to lecture and then do questions at home to solidify the information.
What is your favorite individual moment in a song?|So I put my hands up, they're playing  my song, the butterflies fly away
What's the most insane coincidence you've experienced?|My sisters are twins, there was a double rainbow on their birthday
Truck drivers of Reddit, what is the one thing you wish every driver knew?|How to drive
Why are we still triggered by naked humans if all of us have the same body parts?|#CLOTHES ARE A SOCIAL CONTRACT
Do you agree with the death penalty? Why or why not?|"I do.  We're all mortal and our laws should reflect that.  If a crime was deemed egregious enough, then people should be put to death.  Does anyone think that the Nuremberg trials should have ended with ""You're going to Prison!""?"
For those of you who have, why did you change your religion?|I never felt connected to the religion i was raised with and decided to find a path better suited to me.
"What is your ""oops, I misinterpreted her/his signals"" story?"|"So many of those old Facebook ""notes"" where a girl was very clearly hitting on me and I was just oblivious the whole time, didn't even remotely think they liked me. Everytime there is a memory on facebook I can look back on stuff from like 9-10 years ago that make me realize what an idiot I was."
If you had the possibility controlling your sleep so that you can sleep for as long as you want, would you use it? Why/why not?|"Yeah, doesn't sound like there's any draw back like ""If you use this ability then any time you wake up you stub your toe"" or anything like that.  
Only downside I can see is if you set it to sleep for 8 hours and some guys break into your house they can Weekend at Bernies you for a while."
someone knows who is the author or intellectual owner of the pic about the rhino running in the treadmill looking to be like a unicorn?|Is this a question? Yes, someone knows.
What would be your dream reality show to watch?|A show depicting how cranes work and are built.
What beer company tried to advertise on the Moon?|Blue moon
How did you find out Santa wasn’t real?|WHAT?
With Elon musk being popular as of right now, what was one thing that blew your mind ten years ago?|I was 10... so probably Minecraft
What's your favourite lesser know song?|Cartoons and cereal - Kendrick Lamar
Be honest, do you smell your own farts? What’s the story?|mos def; especially when you know they're gonna be rank, hot and wet.
Who do some obese women consider themselves “curvy”?|"It's mental gymnastics that enable them to continue to live lives without self control, while simultaneously blaming everyone else for said problems when met with resistence ""HURR REAL MEN LYKE CUURVS, FATPHOBIKK MUCH DURRRR"" etc etc etc."
Hey Reddit, what products are not identical to the brand name?|Twist and Shouts < Oreo. Just don't.
Reddit, what was the worst day of your life?|Was in work one day when there was a 9.0 earthquake followed by a tsunami that killed 20,000 and triggered a triple nuclear meltdown.
If you could un-invent something, what would it be and why?|Religion.
Those of you who deal with people going under or coming out of anesthesia, what are some funny, freaky or scary things have they said?|"""I want black cock!"""
What is your guilty pleasure movie?|Borat
What is the most challenging book you've read?|Silmarillion
What seemed like a good idea at the time?|The soldier letting Hitler live in World War I
What actor/actress have similar roles in every movie they play in?|Michael Cera  and Jessie Eisenburg
If you could go back in time to any era, what would you bring with you to impress that era?|A hammer and sickle fidget spinner
What jobs would be made better with a hype man?|All of them. Gas station attendant. Surgeon. Funeral director. Hype man. I can't think of a single job that wouldn't.
What shall I do with my life after failing university twice?|Trade school? An apprenticeship?
What video game made you feel the most like the main character?|Dragon age origins. Definitely the most freedom of choice I've had in a game.
What is your favorite Reddit bot?|Marvin
"What does "" Mama Say Mama Sa Mama Coosa "" mean ?"|"It's a unit of measurement that's about 1/5 of a ""Boogie oogie oogie"" and a quarter past a ""Shoop shoop""."
What gets you unreasonably excited?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What's the worst thing you've ever done that you don't regret?|In high school there was this kid, we will call him Harv. Harv liked to take advantage of the girls in the pool hallway that had no traffic between 1-330pm aside from the usual flunker. He assaulted over 30 girls in the three years he was there. One of them was my friend, so one class period swimming he grabbed one of my friends and was touching her when she kept telling him not to. I swam over while they were tussling and I pulled his trunk string that made his swim trunks float off of him. The instructor noticed swim trunks floating around and called out to Harv as he was obviously touching my friend and got him expelled for sexual assault. He is currently serving time for domestic battery. No regrets for ruining a life that forever changed the girls he assaulted.
Where did you meet your SO?|I met my wife at a tabletop roleplaying game convention.
"What/Who do you consider a ""real"" gamer?"|Anyone who enjoys playing games and isn't a fucking elitist about how other people play.
What is the most underpaid profession in today’s world?|Teachers
What is one song that never gets old?|Welcome to the Jungle
You have the opportunity to spend one day with any professional athlete, dead or alive. Who do you pick and why?|Alive. Dead athletes are boring.
What is the biggest plot hole you've seen in a blockbuster?|The Core. Just...all of it.
For those of us that grew up in the 80s & 90s and see all the stuff kids don’t or can’t do now, what will be today’s generation thing that they look back in fondness 20 years from now?|Going out doors without fear of deadly exposure to the elements.
What would you have strapped to falcon heavy and fired into space?|A flat earther, so they can see for themselves that they’re wrong lol
Who was your first on-screen crush?|Mine was probably Leia.  Felt it more than I though I would when I heard she passed away.
What's the most absurd law in your country?|Corporations count as people
People that say one and the same things three times in a row, why do you do this?|Cause school makes you write hundreds of papers where you have to keep restating things over and over again.
Why don’t you eat your vegetables like you are told to?|Just because some people are unfortunate enough to have to live their life in a wheelchair, that doesn't give us the right to eat them
Besides Smartphones, what technologies from 2018 would look futuristic to people from 1960?|All the sports cars
What are you really good at but you don't enjoy?|Fixing computer shit I don't even own one of my own, I hate those fuckers.
Who is the figurehead of earth?|I mean like as in who would represent earth as a whole if something like aliens came
What common fact / misconception are you tired of seeing in fact / misconception threads, and why?|The misconception that deoxygenated blood is blue. I’m pretty sure everyone knows that’s not true by now.
What are some insignificant judgments you make of people?|If I see someone wearing pajama bottoms as outside the house apparel, I judge them to be lazy.
How is it possible for so many people to care about Kylie Jenner and what she names her baby?|who?
What songs you used to love as a teen but now make you cringe?|Pretty much any hair metal band song.
What famous person should be riding shotgun with Starman?|Someone doomed to suffocate and die in space and never return to Earth again? Donald Trump! Plus, there really should be two dummies.
People of Reddit, what is something you thought you made up/created only to find out it was already a thing?|Masturbation. Yes, I was very young.
What video game did you quit halfway through and why ?|Bioshock Infinite. I really have no idea, I was really enjoying the game... I should go back to playing it.
People who crack their knuckles, what made you start?|cracking my back, it's a gateway
Redditors,did you have gamer parents and what did they play?|I didn't have gamer parents but my dad loved playing Chip and Dale's Rescue Rangers on the NES with my brother and I. It was the only video game he ever really played, and the only time I remember he really took an interest in what we were into.
If you were given a choice between being given great wisdom or great wealth, which would you choose?|Since they’re not mutually exclusive, I believe great wisdom could be leveraged into great wealth, so I’ll take great wisdom and hopefully end with both.
Faithful spouses of reddit, in which moment was your fidelity put to its hardest test?|I have a big problem picking up signals from women so I go through life without ever having the idea I flirted or someone flirted with me. It's a bad trait when you're dating, but it makes fidelity very easy.
When does concern just become nagging?|When you tell someone repeatedly you don't want to talk about it and they keep asking.
What is your favorite song?|Dirty harry from gorrilaz
If you found out that you can respawn in real life, what is the first thing you would do?|Continue on with my life, content in the knowledge that dying doesn't mean the end.
What wasn't worth it?|Venice
What is the optimal number of pieces of gym to chew at once?|Nah, man.  You don't chew the gym.  You hit the gym.
Which albums do you usually play as background music for studying/reading?|Classical is best not really an album tho just some playlists
What calms you down when you panic?|Deep breaths. Count to Ten.
Boot wearers of Reddit, how much are you willing to spend on a good pair of work boots?|I would be willing to spend $1000s if I could afford it. Yes, I have  a shoe problem.  Realistically? $200-$300 at most.
Redditers who are on the Police Force, what was your stupidest 'Rookie Mistake'?|Forgetting to plant a gun
"Office workers of Reddit, have and ""The Office""-like shenanigans ever taken place at your work? If so, what happened?"|Someone saw all of my he-... Art... They saw my art
Whos got the best 'yo mama' joke?|You, cos yo mama’s a joke!
What's the most evil thought that has run through your mind?|"""Maybe Justin Bieber isn't that bad"""
What happened to the weirdest person that you went to school with?|I’m alright, thanks for asking.
What are some fun songs to learn to play on any instrument?|Darude sandstorm
What activity greatly improved your confidence?|i got a match on tinder
If given the opportunity, what would you shoot into space via a massive rocket?|The Kardashian’s
What were your favorite youtube channels as a child?|We didn't have YouTube when I was a child. We had Morpheus and Kazaa and we took our grainy, ill-labeled porn with pleasure.
What are your very best road trip jams?|I'm a fan of the country deep cuts on Apple music.
What is your routine for pooping at a someone else's house?|Poop in the sink
What would be your thoughts if we confirmed other sentient life forms exist in a relatively close distance from the earth and they are in a early age of development similar to our Medieval or Dark ages, etc?|"Huh, bet they end up needing to be ""liberated"" soon."
Guys who've had a lot of girls, did you notice any common traits among them based on cultural background, language, or ethnicity?|They all spoke English and said the word yes. Also all had a vagina.
"What do you think ""Starman"" is thinking about right now?"|Philadelphia Eagles world fucking champions 🦅🦅
Colts fans of Reddit, did you actually want McDaniels? What were your feelings on hearing he was to be the next Head Coach?|"Let me look at his track record real quick... Meh, I'm not excited. If he does a better job than Chuck ""What the Fuck"" Pagano, I'm not going to complain."
What's the dumbest thing you've ever said?|I once told someone that I was a dumbass piece of shit. I didn’t mean it.
What statistics about yourself would you NOT want to see about yourself?|How much time I've wasted. Maybe how many opportunities I've missed.
Hey manual labors’, what’s the worst experience you have had working at someone’s home?|Hoarders.
If you had to pick, what 8 sitcom characters would you like to see in a “super/any-verse” sitcom?|The main people from early The Office. Perfection.
Reddit, who’s your favorite character of history ?|Tesla or Hemingway
What is the scariest physical/mental disorder you have ever heard of?|That sleep disorder that keeps you from sleeping was the first that came to my mind.
What do you check for when buying a secondhand car?|Always check the trunk. You must know if there’s a body in there or not.
What toy did you always want as a child but never got?|I always wanted the Mother T-Rex from the Jurassic Park toyline in the 90's. I never got it :(
What running shoe do you use?|I use the Vibram KSO. Its one of those stupid looking toe shoes.
What does resetting a router even do?|Idk but it works
Drivers who change lanes with only a single blink of your turn signal: Why do you even bother?|because one blink is enough to be legal
When you think of happiness, what's the first thing that comes to your mind?|My wife.
How could Facebook be improved?|Get rid of the overly right wing, big mouthed people and their dumb posts, I want to see pictures of my friends kittens and what my grandma is up to at the weekend not some randoms views on immigration
Reddit, What is the best/most-front-page-worthy post you have seen that didn't quite make it to the front page?|Your question right here obviously.
Why do we enjoy smelling our own farts so much more than everyone else's?|Nothing smells better than your own brew.
Whats the best way to tell if your new co-worker is a spy from corporate or just a curious person?|Advanced interrogation.
Which are the best AskReddit threads to kill time?|Anything like, worst roommate or worst co-worker threads are always fun
Redditors of reddit, what is the best dish washer?|A woman.
"What's your favourite thing in your ""SAVED""?"|https://i.imgur.com/iAszlva.gifv
What is your absolute earliest memory?|Being sung 'Happy Birthday' to when I turned three, I can remember the exact date.
For everyone that invested in bitcoin, what are your thoughts on it now?|That crypto in general has a lot of utility, mostly untapped, and that crypto is still in its relative infancy as a method of exchange
What would be an interesting combination of video game genres?|Puzzle and horror, that would be a weird one.
What's a show you would recommend to someone that loved Bojack Horseman?|Arrested Development
Whats the one thing you should do before you die?|Live.
If you could get rid of a certain feeling forever, which one would it be?|Anxiety
What was the best thing to happen to you today?|Ordered a decent pizza
What’s one situation where you got the short end of the stick?|Wanted to move to New York City. Asked my employer if I could move there and work remotely. Was told yes. Told my landlord I was moving and broke my lease, sold my car, lined up an apartment. One week before I moved, my employer told me they changed their mind forcing me to quit and move there with no job and nothing lined up.
"What do people mean when they say ""that just shows how insecure you are in your own blah blah blah""?"|They're trying to act as if they actually know something. They usually don't.
What was the weirdest thing the weird kid did?|Said he believed he was part dragon and part fairy. I do believe that's the quickest way to get people to make fun of you and bullies to kick your ass.
What funny movie quote always makes you laugh?|"""You mean I'm not white!?"""
What one hit wonder band actually had some decent other material?|NOT smash mouth
What are your workout tracks to get pumped?|i get PUMPED to most of Enya's stuff. this will NOT work for most people. but if you approach it with an open mind, it's incredible
People who order items online for delivery, how do you have trust that it won’t get stolen when it’s left at the door?|...is there anyone who doesn’t shop online? My grandma’s been dead for like 5 years and still pays for Amazon Prime.
What made you lose faith in peoplekind?|"Someone in r/unpopularopinion said it was ""speciesist"" for human children to have more rights than baby animals. I cant believe there are people that genuinely believe this bs"
What are some salty foods or snacks you enjoy?|Liberal tears.
Hey Mods: How'd you get your subreddit to grow?|Don't be mean to people, just hang back and if it's worthy it'll grow on its own.
What's the weirdest thing you've noticed on public transport?|In rual jutland a mariachi band went through the train cart playing mariachi music.
Night-shift workers of Reddit: What's the creepiest thing you've ever encountered during a shift?|Mostly just drug deals
If there were no such thing as calories, what all would you eat in one day?|Beer all day
How long does it take you to get to work, door to door?|Eh around 20 min during the winter. ~15-17 during the summer.
What is way more expensive than it needs to be?|College textbooks. Fuck that racket.
What's a weird song that you like?|Kazoo Kid Trap Remix
How do you like your eggs?|"Scrambled with Cheese and Cholula/Frank's Red hot. Or the ""pizza omelet"" with mozzarella cheese and pepperoni... and Cholula/Frank's Red hot. I can do an egg over hard, with Cholula/Frank's Red Hot. Honestly, I can't eat eggs without hot sauce, I don't know why, with hot sauce I love them, but the taste of egg without hot sauce is just awful to me."
If you could chose your way of dying, what would you go for?|I want to be hunted down and eaten by a big scary animal, maybe a bear. You only die once, so I wouldn’t want it to be quick and painless. I want to get my money’s worth.
what are stupid things people are offended by?|Just about anyhting.
All expense paid vacation to any single location imaginable, where would you go and why?|I would like to go to the moon. Seriously...
What is the one thing thing you hate about the country/city you live in?|My cities tenancy to attract and encourage drug addicted bums.
Colonizing Mars Vs. Colonizing the Americas: How do the relative costs compare?|In lives, dollars or resources?
Whos the star too cute to be considered hot?|A red giant
Who was your first TV crush?|Alyssa Milano on Who's the Boss
Do you shitpost in real life? If so, how?|I tell the worst jokes ever, and I always do my best to surpass each one.
Dear Reddit, What has been your worst Super Bowl or sports experience?|This one time, I actually watched it. Worst afternoon ever.
What song did not age well?|Vanilla Ice: Ice Ice Baby
What features do you want tinder to create that you actually want?|A way for me to get the last 13 months of my life back.
What's the most bizarre thing you've seen advertised?|Cigarettes, I think. After cigarette advertisements have been banned for so long, it seems kinda weird that they used to be everywhere.
What are some things to remember about buying a house for the first time?|In 10 years you may have kids. Do you like the school district for that house.
What exactly will happen to the Tesla floating in space? How long will it last, what will kill it and what are the odds of it crashing into an asteroid?|It will likely last for millions of years - gradually accumulating damage from radiation and collisions with micro-meterorites. The odds of it actually colliding with anything bigger are miniscule (space is really BIG and EMPTY).
What job would you totally not suck at if you were drunk?|Greeter. I'm very friendly and inclusive when I'm drunk, apparently.
What is your key(aka special ingredient) to make an awesome spaghetti?|Lowry seasoning salt and also parsley
Which WWE wrestler could you take in a fight?|Depends on who writes the script.
DMV employees of Reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve experienced during a driving test?|Driver puked on himself
If you could enact one national holiday of your choice, what would it be?|national doggo day
Non-students of reddit, how much do you spend a day on average?|I assume we're not counting bills? $10-20 per day. :)
What's a good Valentine's Day gift?|Make a bouquet of something that isn't flowers like socks, music, candy or cosmetics
what’s the most satisfying, non sexual thing you’ve ever experienced?|When I was a kid we used to have all kinds of arguments about Freddy from Nightmare on Elm Street fighting Jason from Friday the 13th. When Freddy vs. Jason came out in theaters in my 20s, I was there on opening night, and while it was by no means a masterpiece I came out of it feeling like a lifelong wish had been satisfied.
What is the most expensive thing you've eaten?|I had a Kobe beef steak in Japan. I don’t like steak very much, but that was by far the best tasting steak I’ve ever eaten.
What if Nutella was illegal?|I just had an illegal shake this week
Redditors over the age of 50. What would be the one piece of advice you would give to a young adult?|If you have a decent job, start contributing to your retirement fund now.
Mid-20 Single mothers with young children; would you date them yes or no? Why?|I did. Tried to but she ended up just using me and abusing me. I miss her and her son though. Her son was great and I thought one day he'd be my stepson.  Poor kid, he's had dozens of guys step into the role I was tricked into.
What's your crazy uncle story?|My uncle shart himself in a sub way
If I were to time travel to when I was a baby let's just say five months old. Would I be able to talk efficiently?|It’s your fantasy, so yeah, whatever.
How do you win reddit?|Kill every other redditor. Be the only redditor left alive.
What is the best way to pass time when you only have a box of raisins, three spoons, a waffle maker, a gallon of toothpaste and a sheep?|ride the sheep like a cow boy
"Who should be cast in a ""Smokey and the Bandit"" remake?"|Nobody. It shouldn't happen.
After breaking up from who you thought was your soulmate, how do you go about getting over the breakup and what are your methods to prevent yourself from overthinking the breakup?|Simple trick: Our sense of smell is the most powerful of our senses. Think of the worst smell you smelled from your significant other, replay that moment whenever you miss them.
What is something you learned in school that you thought was useless, but ended up being useful?|Math. I literally use it every day.
Why do we feel a phantom pain for losing limbs, but not hair or teeth?|I'm not an expert but my guess is because its a biological function for us to lose teeth and hair. It's not a biological function for us to lose an arm.
Kids who would act out in class, why would you do it?|For fun, or to just aggravate the teacher.no real reason
Going on a date with myself, Reddit, what movie is a must see in theaters right now?|Heard threebillboards is good haven't seen it meself though
How long did it take you to get your first job (can be part time) once you started applying to places?|The first job I ever applied for I got on The spot (14 or 15 years old so 2004 or 2005). I think the longest I've ever been actively looking for one is a month.
What's something people can do every day, for very minimal effort, that will eventually turn into something cool/useful/beneficial?|Light exercise.  Some push ups and sit ups, maybe a little work with hand weights, can make a huge difference in your look and health.  Add in a bit of walking and you've got some life changing habits forming.
What is one movie you want to forget so you can watch it for the first time again?|"Le fabouleux vie de Amelié Poulain.
If i didnt spelled it wrong."
Jehova’s Witnesses of Reddit, what was the worst thing you’ve encountered while going door-to-door?|I know one of them a have seen my dick.   If they must knock on my door at 6am they take the risk.
Who was/is the worst busybody you have encountered?|Every president of the HOA ever!
What were you known for in high school?|Breaking my neck
Reddit, add two zeros to your current account balance, what can you now afford?|Thanks OP, now I'm even further in debt.
What's the significance of the Falcon Heavy rocket?|It's the biggest rocket since the ones we used to do Moon missions. Also an implication of the fact it's 2nd stage was able to get into an Asteroid belt orbit means companies know it will be viable in the future to get to orbits for asteroid mining.
How does society view nurses?|everyone loves a nurse
What’s the best question you were ever asked?|How come there is mixed netball teams but they don't use mixed changerooms?
Is a 4-day work week advantageous? What are your thoughts regarding time, drive, workload and happiness in the workplace?|For the mental sanity of the workforce, yes. I think it'll be a big help to productivity for most companies.
What offends you the most?|People getting offended by shit
What ridiculous question do you have and want the answers to?|How many fingers am I holding up?
What songs make you want to dance?|Shut Up And Dance - Walk The Moon
What scene from a movie has always stuck with you?|"**Ending of Blade Runner** 
*“I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.”* ― Rutger Hauer"
Why do some Reddit replies get narrower and narrower? Doesn't happen with all threads but when it does it can be very annoying. Sometimes it is just one letter per line. Any way to stop this happening?|W^i^^e^^^r^^^^d. Have ^you ^^considered ^^^getting ^^^^your ^^^^^eyes ^^^^^^checked?
What is the best pickup line you've ever used online?|I'm a Nigerian Prince....
Who is reading my text messages?|I received a very strange picture via Facebook messenger from a person I know. It is a photograph of a phone screen. Not a screen capture, but one device taking a picture of another. The screen shows an accurate text conversation that I had yesterday with a third person. The text conversation is seen from My perspective in that my text is on the right and incoming text is on the left. Also looks exactly like my sms app, not iphone. My phone was 100% in my possession at work. Hmm
What are the most generic comments that always get upvoted on Reddit?|10/10 with rice.
If you could take one ‘skill/talent/modern invention’ back in history. What would it be, where and when would go and why?|I mean... a selfie with Jesus Christ would be pretty cool.
Men and Women of Reddit, who do you think walks faster? Your male friends or female friends?|Have you ever seen a mom power-walk through a grocery store?
What story do your scars tell?|I have one on the side of my neck from when I ran into a parking lot gate.
Who is the best person you know and why?|I know this is a cliche, but my mother.  She is 75. She volunteers at two different food banks, her town's local live theatre, the Salvation Army and various one-off activities. She doesn't have a lot of money and doesn't want to take any from her kids, but she regularly does things like buy food they are short of at the food banks or provide a food-bank client with cab fare on a particularly bad weather day. Furthermore, she does all this despite having significant health issues from cancer treatment years ago.  Perhaps most importantly, my mom always go out of her way to treat the people she interacts with with dignity and grace.  This includes people she serves who have made poor life decisions because she knows that most of her clients have had tough lives that led to poor decision making rather than the other way around. Mom is not a hero in the big 'h' sense of the word. However, I know for a fact, she is considered a hero by many of the people she had helped.
What is your favorite cover song that you like more than the original?|SRV's Jimi covers. So good.
What’s the most difficult phone call you had to make?|When I had to ring one of my friends and tell her that another friend had passed away.
Who is that person you could never understand why people were so attracted to or obsessed about?|Tom Cruise. Just, why?
Do you shitpost in real life? If so, how?|It depends on how high the toilet seat is above ground and how cold it is. Like having diarrhea and using an airplane's toilet.
What are the best subreddits for REAL scary stories and experienses?|/r/PeopleFuckingDying/
What's the craziest ultimatum you have been given?|Had a boss who wasn't too bad of a person but once you actually worked with him he was a complete prick, over time we came to hate each other and then one night I went out for a drink and saw him doing some less than legal betting on some sporting events, after that, I was treated a lot better and got more hours before he retired, with all those winnings no doubt
Whats the best everyday pocket knife?|I enjoy my Victorinox Swiss Army. I don’t need anything massive, it has everything I need for daily tasks and more.
Whats the worst thing you've seen a person do?|Saw a group of teenagers get a bat and beat another teen to the point where he couldn't move. Police came and they were all arrested, but it still rings in my mind.
How did you get over you ex?|Time and alcoholism.
What’s your favorite excuse to get out of a date?|"""Sorry, forgot I was married"""
Redditors who don't work, what's your story/reason?|Because I vote Democrat.
Why would you ever leave the keys in the ignition, in your incredibly expensive vehicle?|Bait car
Redditors of nudist communities, current or previously associated, how have you managed arousal in public? Nsfw|How do you find the blind man in the nudist colony?.... It's not very hard.
What inconvenient thing would you wish upon your enemy?|I don't waste time thinking about people i dislike.
What is your sexual orientation?|North east.
What's the 'Blockbuster' movie that made its money, but wasn't good at all?|The Spy kids franchise in general
Car thieves of Reddit, where you do sell your stolen goods?|Chop shops probly.. If they still exist
What lucky thing happened to you?|I went to Old Trafford and walking along the road, a girl was in a car with a low cut top on. I had a bit of a look and boom, £50 on the floor.
what's the best household item you've purchased?|The Doona. It’s a stroller that folds up into a car seat. Expensive, but worth every penny.
Which one sitcom would you like brought back?|Family Splatters
What’s the best available gaming laptop for less than $700?|I wouldn't even get a regular laptop that costs less than that, it's guaranteed to be a piece of crap.
What's the most disturbing music video you've seen?|Blurred Lines is a no-brainer in terms of me needing eye bleach
What is the best all time invention?|The wheel. I'd say fire, but that is more of a discovery than invention.
How does trading away Jimmy G affect the Patriots future? Could he have been the qb for the future or is Tom Brady going to play for an extended period of time?|There's always more quarterbacks out there, but there's never a guarantee that the next guy will be a franchise quarterback. That being said, I believe Jimmy is going to be great and we would have loved to keep him. I believe Brady has 2 more years left, which is enough time to find a potential replacement, hopefully this year so that he has time to sit and learn.
On a table there is a switch and a box. Whenever you flick the switch, €50,000 appears in the box. When the switch is flicked, a random person is kicked in the back. This person could be anyone from a mass murderer to a girl standing on the edge of a cliff. You’ll never know. Flicking the switch?|Like I have Parkinson's
What is your opinion on the new Snapchat update?|I hate it.
Why should masturbating to celebrities faces digitally placed on pornstar bodies (deepfaking) be considered abuse?|How would you feel if your sister, mother, niece, daughter, had their faces put on someone else's body for the objectification by men?  There's your answer.
What are some things you do when you feel hopeless and full of anger?|I bottle it up till it explodes
Reddit, how do you deal with people who are never happy with what you do?|I seem to marry and divorce them but I would  not recommend this strategy.
What’s the funniest book or song you’ve seen or heard on public transport?|"""The subtle art of not giving a fuck.""  I've seen that book being read on public transport on a fair few occasions now and it still makes me giggle."
What 2 movies would you put together as 1 and what will the plot be?|Escape from shawshank where snake plissken and red team up to escape shawshank and take down the corrupt warden
What is (or was) the best unknown place on your campus for avoiding other humans?|Library - Either you were there studying and wanted to be left alone or just hanging out wanting to be left alone.
After giving birth, how long did you wait before having sex again? And what felt different?|6 weeks. Not really.
What little-known subreddit would be great with 10,000 more subscribers?|/r/PictureGame, OP posts an image and a question, everyone else tries to figure out the answer and the first person to guess it correctly continues the process. It's a whole lot of useless info for your brain but it's so satisfying when you win
Why do you have a cat?|I don't. The cat has a me.
You are given 24 hours to spend $1,000,000. You are only allowed to spend it on 1 person, and it cannot be yourself. What do you buy, and for whom?|I'll just buy a bunch of houses under my mom's name.
What's something you've lost more than once?|Her.
Who is your favorite guitarist and why?|Dave Gilmour or Rory Gallagher, I can't decide.
Whats your favorite quote?|"""My ex girlfriend had a really weird fetish. She used to dress up like herself and act like a fucking bitch all the time."" - Bo Burnham"
Besides pizza what is another thing that's made greater with pineapple?|A garbage bag.
Ay up whats your best tongue twister?|"One smart fellow, he felt smart.
One smart fellow, he felt smart.
One fart- DAMN IT"
What company are you loyal to when it comes to buying products and why?|Chick Fil A - I haven't found another company that can provide such a consistently good meal with consistently good service.
What job would you do if money and benefits didn't matter?|Same thing I'm doing now
"Children of ""helicopter parents"", will you use the same tactics with your children that your parents used on you growing up? Why, or why not?"|Im just never having children. Instead I will have many dogs. I am terrified to become my parents
Hey Reddit, what is your favorite 80’s song??|Sledgehammer
God plugs a Chromecast into a huge Earth-wide TV and connects it to your Wi-Fi network. You're allowed to cast one YouTube video to show to the whole world. What shall it be?|*Stick Figures on Crack 3*
Hi Reddit :) What is the most valuable thing you've lost? What happened to it?|$200,000 panel off an F/A-18F Super Hornwt. It blew overboard and sank.
What are some must do's when home alone for a week ?|Jerk off
What feature do you wish your vehicle had?|cruise control
Why don’t we nuke the moon so that Earth can have rings like Saturn?|Do you want to fuck up the oceans?
What is a completely random question you could ask to a complete stranger to get an honest reply?|What time is it?
Hey reddit, what was the funniest name you've ever been called?|My name is Hunter. It took waaaaaaay too long for somebody to call me Cunter, but when they did I was highly amused.
USPS workers, what are some common mistakes people make?|Shipping with usps.
Why do we laugh, culturally and scientifically?|It's our way of expressing joy or humor.
Hey Reddit! What advice would you give to someone moving into their first apartment?|Don't let it get super messy, it's easier to clean it as you go along.
What’s your favorite tweet of all time?|"""I've never seen a thin person drinking diet coke""
-The 45th President of the United States"
What is simply unnecessary?|Me.
What is a dealbreaker for you but not for the most people?|Smoking, absolutely can't stand it
Describe what a hopeless romantic is?|Me.
People who speed through school zones, what’s the big hurry?|Trying to beat the kids crossing the street
What's a good thing for a mom to do upstairs while a group of teenage boys have a sleepover downstairs?|I think pornhub can help answer some of that?
What are some of the stupid jokes you know of?|Guess what
What cruel or unkind thing you did as a child still bothers you to this day?|Apparently when I was four I was at the beach with my parents and I ran up to a random man and said “Wow, you have a big gut.” I still feel bad about that... and that happened in 1997.
What is the best smell you've ever smelled?|Pussy
What white lie have you told that you now have to keep up for the rest of your life?|I put a lot of effort into my Senior Capstone paper (12 pages) that I got an A on. Just gonna leave it at that and not elaborate.
Take a random movie and replace the main cast with the MCU Avengers. What happens now?|Mean Girls  Imagine Robert Downey Jr instead of Lindsay Lohan
What is your “I shouldn’t be alive” story?|"I was in the ICU after a heart attack and the cardiologist had his resident interview me for some real life experience.  When she was done, I heard her telling him, ""It doesn't make any sense; this guy should be dead.""  My cardiologist laughed and told her this was *nothing*; take a look at his file.  For the next few minutes, I hear her turning pages and saying ""oh my god"" over and over while he chuckled.  At the end, he just said ""you never know""."
Why most men don’t like to cuddle?|"Who says ""Most Men don't like to cuddle?"""
Why don't you like pizza?|its overrated
What can you say to your closest friend to make them feel uncomfortable?|I've been in love with you since we met.
Professors/Teachers of Reddit, what was the most shocking thing a student wrote on an exam?|“*ZAP*”
Have you ever met someone who you believed to be truly evil?|Actually no. I've seen good and bad in every person, no matter how little the good.  Edit: Wow that sounds cheesy....
Kids who had their own parents or relatives as their teachers, what was it like?|My parents were My Sunday School teachers and would expect me to answer all their questions but wouldn't reward me like the other kids.
What's the best website for English Dubbed animes?|Disney.com.
What is the weirdest habit you have picked up from a friend?|When I was 6 I had this friend and we both had to pee and then I saw she didn’t wipe and then for years I also didn’t do it.
When going in and out of the refrigerator in quick succession, is it better to close the doors each time or just leave them open?|Closing the door probably saves energy.  Leaving it open is probably more convenient.  Neither damages the food, I'd think.
In your current relationship status (single, dating, married, divorced) what percentage would you say you are happy and why?|70-75% mostly happy but we have our issues we could fix
What's the craziest thing that happened at a party you attended?|Somebody said I look like Ed Sheeran and wasn’t sure whether or not to take it as a compliment.
Mixed-race people, which side do you identify more with, and why?|Whichever benefits me the most at the time of being asked.
If someone from another part of the world is coming to your area, what would be the one cuisine you would recommend they try?|Seattle: Ivar's salmon chowder in a sourdough breadbowl
Redditors, how do you set up your W4 to avoid being stung at year end?|I'm a dependent, only claim 1, so I get everything back.
Redditors who attended a gender studies class, what were your experiences?|Objectively pretty terrible. The classes stem from a single ideology and then make arguments and courses based on very extreme assumptions.
What’s your favourite thing about the Reddit community?|Everyone's so friendly and non-toxic.
What fictional world would you like to live in?|With all the advancements being made in commercial space flight I think I'd have to go for star trek! Out looking for life on distant planets
When were you most glad to have had a witness present to see something you’d just done?|My first and only fight. It was impressive lol
What is something you find ‘familiar’?|Chick-Fil-A. I can find one most places I go when I travel, and it's a familiar, consistent, pleasant experience. I can just enjoy my unlimited iced tea, free wifi, and constant service while I relax from a business trip.
What’s your favorite catchphrase?|Don't suck the titties dry
Drug users of reddit, what’s a drug that you had a bad experience with and vowed never to do again?|"Meth. Long story short my ex was a truly terrible person on top of being an alcoholic and drug addict. I was young and into trying new things and we did coke several times together. The last time it burned so bad I knew something was wrong. Overheard him later basically telling someone to keep it on the DL cause I hadn't done meth before and he didn't want me to freak out.
I freaked out. Left as soon as I'd come down. Never touched any white powdery substance after that."
How would you react if you recognized your SO in a bukkake clip and was made when they were 22?|That’d be weird because my SO is 20.
What should Elon Musk do next?|Journey to the center of the Earth. What do you think the Boring Company is up to?
Guys of Reddit, what is the best Valentine's Day gift you've ever received?|*Sounds of crickets* *A tumbleweed rolls by*
What is your greatest passion?|Life
If you do it, what is your favourite chip to put inside a sandwich?|I've been known to put cool ranch Doritos on a sandwich but Lays classic potato chips work well also.
What foods do you eat regardless of the expiration date?|"Pretty much anything that doesn't smell bad.   ""BEST BEFORE 2/7/18"" does not mean ""TURNS TO POISON ON 2/7/2018"""
Parents of Reddit, what are the weirdest things your children have done?|When my eldest was about 3 she was a nightmare for not staying in bed. One night she got out of bed and did a poo in her shoe.
Men of Reddit in relationships who carry your SOs ID, cards, etc in your wallet: Why?|I'm not even in a relationship, yet even I and plenty of my friends who are in a relationship will say no If she hands you her wallet from her purse for like 5 seconds, sure, but to always carry it in your own wallet? That seems a bit odd
What is your favorite tool to use to dry your hands when you wash them after using the restroom (i.e towel, air drier, friend's sweater etc.)?|Trousers or jeans.
What is the most embarrassing fart you or someone you know has done?|In 7th grade, we were stretching in gym glass.  The gym is a big empty room and it echoed...
What Reddit comment are you sick of seeing over and over?|"""This."""
Oldest children of Reddit, how did you feel when you got a younger sibling?|Bad
What are things you should never do in your home to avoid expensive repairs?|Have something, even the most minor of things, repaired immediately!  You never know just how much damage can be caused by such a little thing over a long span
What household tasks/chores do you dread the most?|I don't do any, that's what my wife is for.
How would you feel having sex with a girl your roommate had sex with recently?|I aint about that sloppy seconds life.
What is your idea of a perfect life?|Mike Adriano's
What are some of the best Weed names that you’ve ever heard?|Jazz Cabbage
What are some of your favourite puns?|Pin
What are some theories to debunk flat earth and what are the flat earth explanations for those theories?|I honestly think there is something different going on with the flat-earthers. Like if they dfesirento to be part of a group and accepted, in which case they might be missing something in the other parts of their life.
If you had to start a filibuster, what random topic would you talk about?|Magic : the Gathering or Disney
What makes you laugh way too hard for no reason?|memes
What are the closest places to NYC that someone can go stargazing and see the Milkyway?|20 or 30 miles offshore, in a boat.
What's the shadiest but 100% legal thing you've done?|Well me and my friends go “shopping” weekly at my schools lost and found. But we try to only get stuff that’s been there for over a month. Not sure how legal it is but I probably couldn’t get in any trouble for it.
Successful people of Reddit, what is your daily routine that keeps you happy and motivated?|Exercise, training, working out. Whatever you call it, you are much more confident, energetic and useful when you are strong.
What are the essential YouTube videos?|https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Where you the bully or the bullied? How come?|I was definitely somewhere in the middle. I got bullied by the really cool kids a lot, took out my anger by bullying the really nerdy kids.
What are your (the people reading this) ideas on getting discovered on Twitch?|Educate me: What is Twitch?
What was your biggest expense that was worth it?|Adopting my step kids.
Why put windshield wipers up on parked car when it snows?|So they don't freeze to the windshield
What is the main reason you’re still single?|I have made 0 effort to socialise for the past 2 years.
Experts in a specific field, what's the most common fuckery of pseudo-knowledge that people believe which frustrates you to no end?|Software can be made without bugs.
What movie has the best soundtrack?|Baby Driver
How do you picture a soul in your head?|a light, but it varies in color as the person varies in personality
People who have been told “when you’re older, you’ll appreciate your youthful looks,” how is it now being older?|I'm 35, and only recently have waitstaff stopped carding me for alcohol. So there's that, I guess. Saves a few seconds.
To what level of fighting skill are you trained?|To the level where I can successfully sprint 200m in one direction
What did you break on the first day?|Your heart
Who is your favorite drummer, and what song do you think best shows off their skill?|John Bonham, *Rock and Roll*
What are some Subreddits with the most misleading titles?|r/superbowl r/trees r/potatosalad
Which fictional character would be the most interesting to meet in real life?|Thomas the tank engjne
What was your biggest mind blow as a kid?|My first time masturbating
Gamers of Reddit. Which games do you feel were released in the wrong console?|Bayonetta 2 on Wii U. I'm happy we got it released at all and without Nintendo it probably wouldve been cancelled but it'd clearly have run better and have better graphics in PS4
If you could go to the moon, what would you leave behind to leave your mark?|I'd drag my ass across the sand to make a trail of ass an print.
Women who have had implants, boobs or butt, what are your experiences with it? & what advice could you give to others?|I love everything about my boobs except that I was always a tummy sleeper and they aren’t comfortable to sleep on. I had to force myself to become a side sleeper. It’s been 4 years, no problems, no regrets. 375cc, silicone, went from a B-full D.
If aliens landed on Earth, where would be the one place you would take them to show the beauty of our world?|NEW YORK CITY!!! Best city on earth.
What criteria does the government use to determine whether a company is a monopoly?|Do they pass go?
What fetish will you never understand no matter the facts behind it?|Feet.
There is a often a culture of secrecy about what people earn. Would you speak to people you work with to exchange salary info, in the hope of everyone being able to figure out there position and maybe strike a fairer deal? How would your company react?|That's too subjective.  Experience, seniority, education are just a few of the factors.
What are some funny questions to ask kids, to confuse them on purpose??|"*Wait until, like, 5 PM* ""Wow, you were asleep for a long time today!"""
What item do you carry everywhere?|My ID
If you had a chance (like Elon Musk), what would you send to space?|A backup of the internet
What is the greatest gift you've ever received?|2 pint of mint chocolate ice cream
Where did you find your cocaine dealer?|r/darknetmarkets
Redditors who have found a dead body, what was the story?|Funny you should ask  Logan Paul - nice to meet you
What's the worst thing you've done to somebody?|I manipulated an emotionally unstable girl for sex. She was severely depressed and suicidal and I used that as a basis for forming a bond with her and eventually she depended on me for her happiness. I dumped her after we fucked a few times because it just wasn't very good. She's still active on Facebook so she's all good
"Has anyone bought meat from one of those delivery trucks that always has ""extra"" product from a previous delivery? How was the quality?"|"When my friend bought his first house, he signed up for one of those Schwan's delivery service deals. With the chest freezer rental and everything.  He canceled after the third mealworm infested box of pasta was opened. I can't imagine what their ""leftover from the last house"" echelon of quality is."
Someone gives you $100,000 today. They say you must turn that into $10 million within exactly 10 years otherwise you will cease to exist. How would you accomplish this and what do you think the probability of your success would be?|The smartest thing to do would be to invest in a company you know is going to take off. But it's not the easiest thing to do. You'll need to find leads, and talk with experts. And avoid all the scammers along the way, just wanting a cut of the profits.
What's a dark episode of an otherwise light hearted tv series?|That episode of *Diff'rent Strokes* where Dudley got molested by the bike shop owner.
What is the biggest waste of money?|bottled water.
What continues to motivate you?|My family.
A psychopath puts a gun to your head and tells you to pick 3 subreddits to keep alive. Which 3 do you pick and why?|Gonewild Cumsluts and chess
Recovery truck drivers of Reddit, what is the craziest place you had to rescue a vehicle from?|When I was in high school, I had to pull a 1970 Sedan deVille out of an underground parking garage with really tight spaces and a low clearance.  I had to keep getting out of the truck to check my position when I was extracting it from its parking slot.  Then I had to keep adjusting the boom to keep from hitting the roof beams, especially when I was moving onto the ramp up to street level.
Hey Reddit, who (if anyone) would you actually take a bullet for?|Either of my siblings, their spouses or kids.
who picks up guide dog shit?|They're trained to poop on command. The dogs, that is.
What pain would you never wish on anyone?|Either depression or the pain that comes with addiction.
Americans, how proud are you to be an American? And why?|Absolutely, I think we as a people always aspire to be better. And despite the current climate over here which seems hell bent on negativity and cruelty, I see my fellow Americans always trying to reach those goals of a brighter tomorrow, one where we try to be compassionate and noble. We've got a lot of good people here, and the American culture drives those folks to do incredible things.  We'll be better someday.
What is a real life example of a fate worse than death?|The torture of [Junko Furuta] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Junko_Furuta).
Ok Reddit, what DO the flat earthers among us think of Elon Musk’s Tesla out in space?|“CGI”
What is the weirdest food combination you've ever heard of? Have you tasted it? Does it taste good?|Melon and prosciutto seemed weird at first but is good. Apples and cheese as well
what is the best use of green screen for a low budget film you have seen?|90% of Life of Pi was greenscreened wasn't it?
Reddit, how do you deal with depression?|By commenting on Reddit
What was the most ridiculous thing you have put on an exam?|Not totally on topic but I once wrote a paper on how I'm not good at writing papers I think I got a B?
What was the weirdest collection/hobby you’ve seen in someone’s home?|I don’t know if this counts but I went to a house where they had a wall of guns in the same room as the baby’s crib...
Attractive Women of Reddit, how do you know your attractive?|I feel good when i look in the mirror.
Hey Reddit, where do you find meaning in your life??|My collection of imaginary internet points
You and a random person on the street bump into each other. As you make eye contact, you notice that they are ready for a fight. What would you say if the only way you could avoid the fight was to quickly make them laugh?|"A pirate walks into a bar. The bartender asks 
“why do you have a steering wheel in your pants?” 
The pirate says  
“Aaargh it’s drivin me nuts”"
Why is Buzzfeed filled with many tacky industry rejects that other companies passed on because of their lack of originality, experience and talent; left only to siphon off Reddit, then the bottom of the barrel in popular media like panicked possums?|Nice try, Buzzfeed writer.
Married people of reddit who have only ever slept with their SO, what's it like?|boring
Why are so many old ladies named Shirley?|I thought they were all named Margaret.
Which cover song was better than the original?|Hurt Johnny Cash
What is the most impressive piece of technology that humans have invented?|The ISS.
How do you find a sugar daddy?|Clicked my heels 3 times and wished for it ;)
What are some great masturbation tips for males ?|Invite friends
Redditors that go by your middle names, what are the unexpected pros and cons?|Pros: better name Con: when people find out the first name.
What is your favourite AskReddit answer?|16:44:08 GMT-0800 (Pacific Standard Time)
How can so many people be so shockingly stupid?|think of your average human, now realize that half of humanity is more stupid than that person...
How do you find out about good subreddits to follow?|You go to r/thalassophobia
What is it called to simultaneously want to run around and expensive a lot of energy but also want to sleep?|Anxiety
What is a great prank to pull on a groom during the course of a Bachelor Party?|Get the bride to suck the groomsmen's dicks
What Celebrity/famous person has done horrible things, but is still praised by the majority?|hillary clinton
What's the best tv series?|"American: Breaking Bad
British: Peaky Blinders
Non-English: Babylon Berlin"
Why is drama movies not popular in cinemas anymore?|I'm assuming for the same reason English isn't taken seriously in public schools anymore
You are enjoying a steak dinner when a group of vegans come in and start shouting about meat or whatever, what happens next? What do you do?|Throw my vegetables at them, and continue eating my meat.
What is the worst pre-2000's rock song of all time?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Men of reddit, what's your facial hair situation?|a god-like beard
What are you currently spending way too much money on?|Eating out.
Redditors, What is something you bought impulsively?|I bought a glass hourglass at Walmart. I don’t know what I was thinking. I got enough knickknacks.
What was the funniest sexual act you've ever engaged in?|My date jerked me off during Step Brothers (...the movie, to clarify), I don't know why she even went for it but of course we never say no.
What was the last thing that made you cry?|When Monica proposed to Chandler
What is the most baffling fact about outer space?|It's so big you can't really even grasp the concept.
Athletic people of Reddit, whats your favorite unhealthy food to indulge on?|NACHOS
What remake or sequel is better than the original?|The 1985 Brewster's Millions was better than the 1945 version
What are the best books you've read?|*The Foundation* series by Isaac Asimov. It's... phenomenal.
You are an alien and you see a car roaming freely in your neighborhood with David Bowie on, what would you say?|"I'd say, ""Now that's what *I* call a space oddity.""  Except I'd say it in Klingonese or something."
What is something perceived as normal now but 100 years from now will be perceived as really messed up?|That meat is butchered. I expect in a 100 years it will completely be made in a lab somewhere.
Hey Reddit, which fast food restaurant has the best chicken nuggets?|I like Chik fil A.
Redditors who cut contact with family, what was the straw that broke the camels back?|They are just generally terrible people who have no respect for themselves or others. My family had constant arguments which were egged on by them and got blamed for all the quarrels. I have no clue why they don't like us/dont get along other than them just being shitty people. It's just easier to cut ties and stop having to put up with the bullshit.
How does one get a job after being fired for misconduct at your place of employment?|What was the misconduct? It depends.
The aliens have taken over earth and are now keeping humans as pets. What human traits do they selectively breed for?|"They'd probably raise ones with vitiligo as ""piebald""."
What book or series should be made into a movie or television series?|Foundation, by Asimov.
Reddit, if your last words before dying would predict the future, what would you say?|There will be peace, but only once the Ducks are taken care of.
Those of you who have weighed yourself before and after pooping, what’s the biggest weight difference you’ve seen?|About 5 courics
People who like to take late night walks, what's the creepiest, or shadiest thing you've seen?|"I once was at the very beggining of my eurotrip in prague, as i tried to make sense of the google maps directions after leaving the train station by foot at 1 am, I consfusedly presenced a very well dressed man give a very energetic blowjob to what appeared to be a hobo/dealer.
I promptly left"
Which small things can you do to make a boring job more fun except quitting?|Share your ideas for process improvement with management. Don't expect anything. But if they take notice of your ideas and implement them, you get brownie points.
Why does the death penalty still exist?|"Because at some point there is no hope of rehabilitation. At some point, the threat of another crime committed is so overwhelming that that person must surrender his life to keep the rest of us safe. The problem with the death penalty is not that it exists but that it isn't speedy.   The prosecutor should never decide the penalty nor should his opinion have influence.  There should be no ""Death Penalty Cases"" the punishment should only be offered by a judge to a jury after trial and during the punishment phase. If chosen the sentence needs to be carried out with haste."
What is the most embarrassing way you managed to stretch a dollar?|When I used to work at McDonald’s as a kid, I’d always be the first to volunteer to take the garbage out.  My freezer was stuffed with all the extra stuff they made and ended up no selling. I didn’t care. It was food- and pretty horrible food after it was thawed out and reheated- but it kept me alive during a hard time.
How do you tell your significant other, it's time to get their back waxed?|Hey significant other, it's time to get your back waxed.
"What is the most accurate example of ""There are two types of people in this world...""?"|Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
Who would win in a fight, Flash or XLR8 from Ben 10?|Never watched Ben 10 but that name really sucks so I'm going to say Flash
What advice would you give a long time lurker crawling out of the shell and starting to post?|Don't stay on and post all day. Also, have fun and avoid obvious things like revealing vitally important information.
What was the last thing that spooked you out or made you incredibly paranoid?|I saw this gif of a trap door spider on Imgur. I would sauce it but I literally cannot look at it. It's just not okay. Things exist on this planet that are really not okay.
If someone lost a bet with you and you were able to choose the words that the other person had to start every sentence with for a week, what words would you choose?|#QUACK!
We all know about common phobias, but what are some interesting philias?|Isaac Asimov was a claustrophiliac -- he liked staying and being in confined spaces.
Other than college, where are the best places/organizations/etc to meet lifelong friends, in real life?|Beer league sports
Women of Reddit, do the corny Flowers and Chocolate work? If not, what would work better?|Sorry, those things are far too basic. For a better gift, try sending us some human souls and virgin blood for our Satanic sacrifices on girl’s nights out! Gift cards to bookstores or cafes work too.
People who have done ride-sharing, what social ques, contexts, conversational patterns have you picked up on/or noticed on your drives?|If they keep asking about women I know/in my area they are probably some kind of sex predator.
What's an event where it isn't weird for someone to show up alone?|Speed dating
What are some tips for moving out with your significant other after high school?|Don’t
What is the strangest thing you have ever bought?|a vibrator from amazon. Apparently, my dad opened the package, assuming it was for him and not reading the label. He went to my mom and showed her and asked what to do. She said to wrap it back up and pretend it didn't happen. I only found out years later (I live with my parents for medical reasons).
What's the shittiest job you've had?|Scooping horse shit out of a trailer. Probably the worst smelling shit out there too.
What is your favorite video game from childhood?|The Legend of Zelda - Link to the Past
Those who wake up early for work; what are your go to breakfast/lunches?|Small bowl of cereal then an apple when I get to work.
Are you afraid of the dark? Why?|Depends. In my house? No. In the woods? Fuck yes.
College Grads of Reddit, what was your major/minor/graduate/Doctoral in?|MS: Geography MS: Geology
Restaurant workers of Reddit, what happens if a customer is unable to pay for a bill?|We chain them up in the basement and make them work off the debt.
People who live alone, why do you live alone?|I don't much like people and find they're constant presence exhausting and irritating.
When you use tinfoil, do you use the matte side or the shiny side (if it has different sides)?|Matte against food.
What's a topic you shouldn't bring up at the first dinner with your girlfriends parents?|Sex with your girlfriend
What is the obscure piece of media (song, video game, old TV show, etc...) have you been searching for?|Olivia Munn licking a wii and ps3 on AOTS back in 2006
What are some things that you do to get yourself out of a funk?|I start telling jokes.
What are you having for dinner tonight?|Pork tenderloin, mashed potatoes, and a mix of veggies
If an Australian were to move to the USA, where would you recommend them to live?|Colorado
What response to this question is the likeliest to get Reddit Gold?|Reddit Michael Phelps
What are the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made?|Bought an Ouya. Yep.
How has using Reddit changed you?|Really upped my porn game
What's the most messed up story you've read,seen or heard?|I don’t remember the name, but the one which shakes me the most is this kid who was perpetually hungry for unknown reasons, and they eventually wouldn’t leave him unsupervised after a toddler went missing in the hospital he was at. When he died they found his entire body was screwed up so that he was primarily stomach and pustules.
Are you proud of who you are and do you want to change?|No, and yes I do. I’m working on it.
Without naming it, what's the easiest way to make money/score points in your favorite game?|Selling salvage.
Redditors who have a lifetime ban from stores, what did you do?|My family got banned from PF Chengs when I was little because my Abuelita got into a loud argument with the manager about them not seating us.
Redditors, what is your story of getting the guy/girl?|In the same science class lab group. Helped the whole group with work with special attention to her. During exams, I helped her cheat. We hung out outside of class a few times, etc etc and bam
What movie moment makes you emotional every time?|The opening montage of Up gets me every time
What is a conspiracy theory worth sharing?|https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/3qvj6w/theory_jar_jar_binks_was_a_trained_force_user/
What was a current game you played that reminded you of how fun and exciting games used to be when you were younger?|Most recently was Super Meat Boy.
If you could make one new Reddit rule that everyone must follow or get permabanned, what would it be?|You can't downvote or ban someone for disagreeing with them
You wake up in ancient Rome with no way of returning, what’s your first move? How does your life go?|I wield a sword, shortly after I am slain.
Does Dean Ambrose suck? Why or why not?|He looks like a weird greasy redneck. I guess it's his schtick but it still weirds me out.
Straight Men of Reddit, who do you think is most attractive man right now?|Probably Ryan Reynolds
Flat-Earthers of Reddit - how does the Falcon Heavy footage impact your belief?|Fake and gay.
How did you survive the Net Neutrality apocalipse?|Hasn't happened yet but I'm sure we will regret it someday.
What comment have you made on Reddit that you felt didn't get the recognition it deserved?|This one... this one right here!
What is your nightly routine to go to sleep?|1. TV or internet. 2. Shower, brush teeth, pee. 3. Masturbate or have sex. 4. Sleep.
Dear lawyers, have you ever had a case where you disagree with the person you’re defending?|That’s like one of the main bugs/features of the profession.
What two things taste 10 times better if you put them on top of each other?|Peanut butter and jelly
People that quit their jobs without another one lined up, how was your experience?|Still unemployed 9 months later.
How do pimps work?|With hoes.
Reddit, whats your favorite Gary Oldman performance?|The Professional
What line/word is condescending no matter how you say it to someone?|"""Bless your heart"""
What's your favorite Tide ad?|The one where they call you a bad parent and show off the new child-proof zippers.
Why did you delete your online dating app(s)?|Because they were for the birds.
What would a regular day be like without your phone?|Not much different. I'd read more paperbacks as opposed to ebooks, I guess.
What is the weirdest thing you've seen, heard, or done this week?|Thrown Tofu out of a 3rd storey window
You wake up and find that you have somehow switched minds with another person. You have 45 minutes to explain to them how to “be” you for the day, what do you tell them?|Don't fuck up
Who would win, Goku, Danny Phantom, or Ben Tennyson?|Saitama  :v)
"What ""non-existent"" thing do you totally believe in?"|God
What is the worst thing that someone has done to you, but you just had to let it go?|Convince my (now ex) girlfriend to leave me for him
You have to invent a new chip flavour that represents your state/province. What is it and what is it called?|Cherry or fudge.
What band/artist should people not support and why?|Your friendly neighborhood spiderman
Artists/creative people of reddit, how do you decide what the subject of your art will be?|if its a building project like crochet you usually got in mind a pattern and object before beginning . but other forms of art,for me, like drawing and painting is completely in the moment and unplanned.totally open to influence and change.
Did you think Gravity Falls sucks, why or why not?|I think it was great. I loved it. ^^^^^^^NeededMoreDucks,Though
Redditors who don't get carsick- how do you do it?|By not being a bitch
Which TV show has the best introduction song?|fresh prince
How do you make working out less boring?|Alcohol
What is your favourite movie of all time?|My Cousin Vinny.
Hey reddit, what's your favourite love song?|Cannibal Corpse - Fucked with a knife Just a lovely ballad
Is it morally justifiable to kill a kids parents in front of him in order to create a future batman and why?|Anything can be morally justifiable.
What is your favorite will they or won't they relationship from a TV show?|Moonlighting.
Women of Reddit, what do you mean when you say that something makes you feel like a woman?|"My ovaries are so pumped you asked this question! When something makes me feel like a woman, it is a confidence in my being apart of something as grand as womanhood. It feels powerful, but not a feeling of superiority. Doing feminine things or masculine things can make someone feel like a woman. Feminine things do it because you're enjoying things women generally associate with. Masculine things do it because it's a confidence in your ability to be who you want to be and play any role.
Tldr: feeling like a woman means I feel powerful, in control and that my actions are purposeful."
What’s the worst and best thing about being male?|Best: No periods Worst: Vulnerable balls
How much do you love money? Why?|I love it a lot. It gets me all of the things I want.
What are signs the relationship won't work no matter the effort?|One person wants kids and the other doesn't.
Yesterday was painfully slow, today was fast. How is everyone holding up?|Just here waiting...just like everyone else. What's going to be the next big news in the (social) media? Got to take it day by day....'cause tomorrow is not promised to us.
What are some good alternatives to 'Does a bear shit in the woods?'?|Does Howdy Doody have wooden balls?
What would you consider your identity?|No one can know my secret identity. If my enemies ever found out, they would try to get to me through the people I care about. It is for their protection that I must keep my alter ego a secret.
What potato chip flavor do you wish existed?|Buttered toast.
What was the last straw that made you unfollow/unfriend a person or page?|"""Please pray for President Trump! He's going up against the ungodly liberals!"" That was enough of that."
Who is the most offensive rapper ever?|Brotha Lynch Hung probably. Raps about raping and killing and eating people.
What's the story behind that one family member everyone avoids?|Drug addict cousin in law. Grabbed my actual cousin and shook her around and ran off called a while later rambling about how much pain she caused him and shes going to come watch him kill himself whether she likes it or not. Needless to say I don't miss him.
What's the most disturbing thing that you've seen in a kid's show?|Anything on Ren and Stimpy or Rockos Modern Life.
What does it mean to see an orange fire ball in the sky followed by a long smoke trail?|The fire nation is at their peak power
"Why do some people say ""you'll change your mind"" when they hear someone say they don't want kids?"|"The drive to procreate is really strong. It fairly often makes parents out of the childfree. They may regret it afterwards, but then the damage is done. Because of *that* that people feel confident in pushing their choices on others. ""It can't be disrespectful if it's *probably true.*"""
Whats something anyone can do to impress a girl?|smile
What do pets think of human touch, such as petting?|It depends entirely on how much the animal was touched during infancy.  If they were used to it during infancy, then petting is normal behavior to them. If they weren't touched as an infant they'll freak out an interpret touch as an attack of some kind.  This is true with all of social animals, humans included.
No horror stories, but what's your cringiest wedding experience?|So this is something I actually did. I was at my cousin's wedding when I was 16 years old. There was an open bar, and the bartender was a friend of the family so he was tipping me drinks. After about an hour of drinking way more than I can handle, I went to dance on the dance floor with some cousins. After breaking out some of the worst dance moves known to man, I projectile vomited onto my cousin's shoes and the entire place saw it. Still the butt of the jokes around the holidays.
What would you do if your identify was stolen and your credit score improved?|That is a very good question! Bit of a dilemma isn’t it - I think maybe if you have bad credit and suddenly your rating goes up you are probably not gonna report ID theft - that is until it transpires what the ulterior motive is (by that time you maybe dead lol)
When was the first time you had to be taken to the hospital?|When I was born
Why is life so underwhelming?|Because you’re not taking risks
What’s the most infuriating you have ever seen or experienced while driving?|A dump truck with a pup trailer passing on a double yellow line over the crest of a hill, forcing oncoming traffic onto the shoulder/ into the ditch.
"What is the ""climbing Mt Everest"" of other fields?"|For example, in physics it could be understanding string theory. In chess, becoming a grandmaster.
What IS a stupid question?|this one.
What is the most amount of money you've spent at once and what on?|Buying a house.
What is the most interesting piece of trivia you know?|There are more individual water molecules in a teaspoon of water than there are teaspoons of water in the Atlantic Ocean.
Who is the worst driver you’ve ever seen?|"It was during the 2012 Olympic torch relay in my town in the UK. My town has a square with a clock tower, obviously the road was closed and crowds of people were watching the Olympic torch being carried, I heard an engine reving and then an old woman in a car tried to drive through the crowd for some reason. Thankfully she stopped, but she crashed into a cyclist knocking them flying into the road. The wheel of their bike was all crushed. Shockingly the woman tried to reverse away, but then stopped. After that I can’t really remember what happened I imagine she was detained, since 
police were all over,"
What is the worst injury a sibling has ever given you?|My brother threw a tennis ball at me when I wasn’t looking. Hit my eye and caused me to be blind for about 3 months.  All was fine after that though.
Redditors who are friends with celebrities, did they change after their fame?|They didn't change but they got their change up
What's the going rate for single page poetry and short short stories?|Don't quit the day job. That's all I'm going to say
Similar to pineapples on pizza, what are some other “weird” food combinations that you enjoy?|french fries and milkshake
Why do some women gossip so much?|Guys gossip like hens, don't trick yourself.
What is all this beauty for if one can only acknowledge it and wish it farewell into the never again and nevermore?|Smoke some more for me.
What's your favourite type of weather?|I love it in the summer when it's starts slowly getting dark and the sky is like a dark pinky/purply colour and it's still really want and humid but in a nice way I find it so relaxing.
Reddit, what are some cool gift for Valentines day that not everyone knows about?|www.ediblearrangements.com www.bloomex.ca/ local chocolate stores; bakeries
Reddit, what are your best weight loss tips?|Only drink water. No juice, no soda, no alcohol. You’ll be surprised by how fast you shed those pounds.
What is your infinite loop?|waking up everyday
Hi Reddit! What song best describes your life in 2017?|boredom - tyler the creator
American expats, where do you live and would you move abroad again?|Just googled something about this the other day. Looking forward to the answers.
Exotic Car owners of Reddit, (Ferrari, Lamborghini, etc), what career field did you go into? How old were you when you bought your first exotic car? Do people typically pay cash, finance, or even lease newer models?|I’m responding for my business partner who is sitting next to me. He’s an engineer in the medical imaging. He paid cash for both of his 360 spiders back in ‘04 and was in his early 40’s.  Edit: he says they’re toys, and you don’t finance toys.
Gamers, What would it look like if your favorite game developer balanced your breakfast like their games?|CD project red: Here's an endless buffet created by the world's greatest chefs for 15$. And for 5$ more Beyonce will suck your dick for the entire meal.
Whenever an on-duty cop drives by you, for any reason, do you feel more protected or more paranoid??|I feel nothing to be honest.
What can people do to make your day better?|"Smile.
I know... too simple, right? But really, it IS that simple. Just smile :-)"
Married people of reddit who have only ever slept with their SO, what is it like?|It’s fantastic. I have no one to compare him to (and vice versa) and we got to (and continue to) learn and explore all things sex together. He’s amazing at making me orgasm and there’s a level of security to it all too.
Former cheaters who blamed their significant others for cheating, why did you do it?|We're sorry man
How did you find out your SO was or was not a moral person?|She said the n word thinking it was a joke
What just tickles the pickle?|For the right price, a prostitute.
What's some useful things you wish you packed while on holiday?|an aux cable for your rental car
Sister found out her apartment has bedbugs, is coming to visit this weekend. What precautions does she/we need to take to make sure we don't get them?|Put all her clothes in the dryer and nuke that shit. Seriously.
What do you think about couples who have been physically violent with each other deciding to have a baby?|Surely this can only end well.
What are some great career paths that tend to be overlooked by college students?|hookers
What have you done, or failed to do, that would come back and be used against you if you ran for public office?|why would i admit that on reddit?
What is the story behind the name you gave to your pet?|I named my English Pointer (dog) Harry. because i used to have a huge crush on harry styles
What should every person know?|Nobody cares about your feelings.
What do you think we will someday realize is bad for us?|eating ass
Have you ever gotten into a relationship knowing you're going to hurt that person? And thought of them as fools when they really fell for you?|You should see a shrink.
What's the most delicious last meal in prison that has a good chance of killing me?|My last meal would be ass and hopefully that ass would be to die for and I’d have a heart attack by by eating so much ass
What joke is so bad that it's a joke?|"Q: What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? A: ""Get in the car."""
What red flags do you see in your friends?|One of them can’t accept being wrong, and won’t admit when he’s beat. Once he is called out, he gets super defensive and will say anything to prove his point
people who had good parents, what did they do that made them good?|They supported and encouraged me always, and disciplined me when I screwed up. They also made me work for things - didn’t buy me a car, cell phone, etc. I had to get a job to pay for those extras.
What is your best advice for dealing with your parents divorce when you are in your thirties?|Analyze what made they divorce and don't fall into similar patterns with your marriage. At the end of the day they are only human just like you.
How close was the closest person to the Falcon Heavy launch and what were they doing there?|Starman. He was IN the rocket. And he was there because he's a dummy.
What’s the nicest/most expensive restaurant you’ve ever eaten at, what did you order and did you feel it was worth the price?|Jean-George’s in NYC. Over $350. Worth it?  Fuck no.
How would earth be affected if a random planet disappeared (including Pluto)?|As I understand it the masses of orbiting objects have a counterpull on the axis of symmetry with the sun so any loss in mass would alter this equilibrium.  As proposed here it would be an instant loss of mass not a gradual one (eg a planet exploding) perhaps yielding more a shock affect onto the balanced orbits
Depressed people of Reddit, what do you do to overcome your depression?|I distract myself as best I can. Take a nap. Play some video games. Cry it out. It’s also worth noting that depressive episodes can last for several months, so if I don’t feel better fast, I just think to myself that I need to sit through it for a while. Wait for life to feel good again. It’s also a good idea to talk to someone, if possible. It’s nerve-wracking, but it can help.
Hey reddit, what weird/funny videos or gifs do you send to your groupchat for a reaction?|Anything goes, disturbing, funny, outlandish, whatever is funny to see a reaction from.
Hi Reddit! What's something that made you laugh today?|My friend and I were at boxing. We were sparring. He punched me good in the gut and the shoulder in quick succession, repeatedly. I can’t explain why I laughed, but it hurt.
What's the best way to die?|in your sleep like my dad. he had a tough life, but at least he had a good death, lying in bed next to my mom.
Why did our naked ancestors feet not hurt?|people who walk around barefoot get calluses
What is the most embarrassing moment you have had in front of your crush?|Farting while fucking
What's your favourite cover song?|The MCR version of Desolation Row.
What's something every broke person should know?|It isn't the big purchases that make you broke. It's the accumulation of the small purchases like fast-food and entertainment.
What are you shamelessly addicted to?|shame
As a kid I loved the free GOV cheese they gave us poor folks, what kind of cheese was that?|Orange-colored American.
People who dropped out of school, what are you up to now?|I dropped out of school, went travelling around the world, built a career as a technical writer and apps developer and bought some houses.  So now I earn money from people who rent my properties, and spend all day reading reddit posts.
Does money become more or less important when you get older?|Totally depends on your life situation.
For the people with insecurity issues, how did you get overcome it?|I joined a moms hip hop class. It’s something I’ve always wanted to try. I’ve met new friends, learned some moves, got exercise and suddenly feel at least marginally more comfortable in my own skin.
How do you save a person from being in denial, such as when the truth is in front of them but they won't accept it?|You can't force someone to accept something, even if it's spelled out to them.
What would be the worst sound to hear in the middle of the night?|A cough that didn't come from you or anyone you know to be in the room.
If you could get one more album from any artist who would it be?|Personally I choose Jim Croce, all of his stuff was incredible. Unfortunately that won't happen.
What changed your life?|Puberty
Gamers, Readers, Moviegoers, etc, what was the Game/Movie/Series/Book that made you really sad afterwards?|Every WWE PPV
What's your favourite quote from a love poem?|"""Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and temperate."" I'm convinced that Shakespeare's cause of death was drowning in pussy."
What would you go gay for?|A large sum of money. Edit: Maybe a smaller sum too.
What’s your hobby besides reddit?|Many hobbies...but I recently just got back into doing puzzles.  My boyfriend and I started one. It’s huge with tiny pieces (I don’t have the stats in front of me) and pretty much everything is a shade of blue or green.  The other night we sat in front of it for 2 hours in near silence, and the time flew by.  Very relaxing, and it’s a surprising rush when you finally find that piece you’ve been looking for.
What's your favorite SNL sketch?|Debbie Downer at Disney World
If the story of Adam and Eve were told differently in other cultures or nations, what would they be tempted with instead of the apple?|I'm no religious scholar. But I don't think it said apple. Probably dates or prunes. More geographically probable.
What are fun things to do with your friends besides the usual movie, mall etc?|pretend they are real
What is the most irritating feeling?|Itchy butthole while in public.
What do you think is the worst storytelling medium?|Bullhorn
why do mosquitoes exist?|To buzz in people’s ears
Panhandlers of reddit, how much do you make on an average day?|I did the numbers once. Average intersection in Chicago has a 45 sec red light. Lets use 60 for round numbers. Over the course of 8 hours, that leaves 480 sets of about 10 cars each. 4800 shots. Assuming 1 to 3 percent payers, they are making just above minimum wage, plus no tax.
So reddit, what's been in *your* rectum?|Shit
What's the most overrated video game?|The Witcher 3, I'll probably get some flak but I could not stand that game
"Teachers of reddit. What do you say nowadays to your students instead of ""you won't have calculator every where you go""?"|"""Make sure you have a calculator everywhere you go."""
What is a tourist trap/item in your country that is in reality not that special/doesn’t mean anything ?|Kissing the Blarney Stone -Ireland
Anti-vaxxers of Reddit, what did you usually dream about when you slept through science class?|your mom  (im not an anti-vaxxer)
Why are serial killers using handwritten letters instead of printed letters since their handwritting can be analyzed for clues about their identity?|Computer typed letters can easily be traced too. And let's face it, serial killers may or may not be the most down to earth, logical and grounded human beings. They're almost always, to be blunt, rather eccentric.
Reddit, what’s your favorite snack?|Pussy and ass.
What was the moment where you realized you had a weird fetish?|I don't think any of my fetishes are especially weird.
Whats the most annoying noise to be awakened by?|Fucking snowplows at 6 in the goddamn mroning
Poets of reddit, what is a less clingy way of saying I love you?|You're alright.
What are you waiting for?|bed time
What have you broke while staying at a hotel?|Your mom's heart
Reddit, rant! What is pissing you off currently?|My lack in relationship experience is hindering potential relationships and I can't figure out what the fuck I keep messing up.
What's the weirdest thing you've thought about that made you really glad mind readers aren't real?|I frequently want to punch people for chewing loudly so I wouldn’t be very popular if they could read my mind
What's the term for when you try to take a break from technology?|Amish
Zippo owners of Reddit, what advice would you give somebody who just got one?|Don't try to refill it with butane.   ...I was a stupid child.
What is something you masturbated to that either made you uncomfortable after or you never did a second time?|your mom
Why did you eat someone else’s food from the employee refrigerator?|I've considered this when I'm doing graveyard shift(AKA nobody around), I'm starving, forgot my wallet at home and there's of course nobody to borrow a few bucks from. Never actually done it thoug, I find it pretty shitty.
"Inspired by the recent thread of ""The Office"" quotes.... what's your favorite ""Parks and Recreation"" quote?"|"NOOO! I was Tivo-ing ""Cupcake Wars""!"
Which do you prefer: Reading the book before watching the movie, or watching the movie before reading the book?|Whichever order they came into existence.
What is your first console game that makes you cry as you go deeper into the game story?|E.T.
Why do headphones have Left/Right designations? What difference does it make what ear they are on?|Most cinema use left and right channel distinctions to give you the impression of motion within the films.
People who go on youtube and dislike something that has no reason to get disliked why do you do it?|To counter all the people who like the video for no reason.
Who is really as stupid as they seem?|Wolf Blitzer. Though he's probably one of the least-arrogant people on CNN, so I'll give him that.
What LPT's that you've found on reddit have you successfully applied to your own life?|If you got a zipper on your pants that falls down a lot, put one of those keyrings on the hole in your zipper.  When you button your pants put the keyring over the button before you do. Now my fly isn't down!  But it's an extra step to take a piss.
What was the worst nightmare/ daydream you’ve ever had??|I had a nightmare when I was a kid that I was stuck in a storybook and no matter how hard I tried I couldn’t get out. I woke up terrified every time.
Would you consider having kids selfish (or vice versa?) and why?|I think having kids (or not) is an immensely personal decision (well, I guess it's a decision of two people, but you get my drift).
If you went back in time to 500 AD, how would you persuade people that you were from the future?|You wouldn't speak the same language as them, they'd probably kill you right away.
Reddit, what was the worst party you ever threw?|a holiday party to get all my high school friends back together during the first winter break, freshman year of college. half the couples there had broken up with each other and the entire thing was just super awkward.
If your life had a theme song or soundtrack, what would be playing right now?|The Benny Hill music, from about 2003 to whenever the fuck
How significant are Elon Musk's recent achievements in the grand scheme of things?|Pretty remarkable I'd say.
What does your internal monologue sound like?|Are...are you telling me...you hear voices?
"What's your most memorable example of ""shit rolls downhill""?"|When my ex fell down a hill.
Reddit, what are the best pizza delivery hacks??|If you're going to order from there again, tip well and tip in cash. Only takes a few orders until your delivery becomes a priority for the drivers.
Factory workers of Reddit what annoys you the most at work?|ex-factory worker, DONT .TAKE. MY. TAPE. people dont realize how important that tape is for our fingers.  take that shit i will hunt you down and mess with your drink lol and take that shit back.
What would be your reaction and actions if suddently there was a zombie/infestation outbreak?|Well I’m already on the toilet so at least I won’t shit my pants.
What is something that is thought to be healthy, but really isn’t?|"Fruit juice... Especially if someone treats it as liquid fruit. It's all sugar and little nutrition. They give kids apple juice and
grape juice like it's healthier than chocolate milk when in reality, it might as well be a cup of Mountain Dew."
Who does the future belong to?|It sort of seems like it's been and will always be just one big, massive Battle Royale.
What would shock you to find in your neighbors’ trash?|Their dog's shock collar. I'm not normally in favor of them, but their dog sorely needed one.
What is the craziest dream you've ever had?|Had quite a few. I always write down the ones I can remember. In my last dream I was in a car with Brock Lesnar and he was not happy with me
Anyone who's ever quit their day job for a dream job, how did it work out for you?|Been struggling ever since.
Reddit, what is the weirdest confession you have?|I like documentaries..... Like any kind. All kinds. I listen to them while I work.
What is the best video game pop up message you've ever read?|I like the one in the South Park game that is something like: “If you find enemies challenging, try getting better at the game.”
Wont the van Allen belts destroy the tesla sent into space. How dose that work?|It is already beyond those.
What time is it?|It's time for you to get a watch.
What are some games you can play while camping?|Snipe hunting
What do you know about Slovakia?|It's the opposite of Fastvakia.
A new law goes into effect stating that no one can own personal property (excluding homes and vehicles) that they cannot physically lift into the air. How does life change for you?|I’ll miss my refrigerator very much. 😔
Parents of Reddit, what t.v. show do you watch around your kids that could be borderline inappropriate?|Caught my 4yo daughter watching South Park
What gives you a Pavlovian response?|boobs and vaginas
What ethnicity of female do you go for?|I love a rainbow of women, but white girls are my thing mostly
If a guilty convict were to be executed on pay-per-view, would you watch it and how much would you be willing to pay?|No and about tree fiddy.
In what situation could you have been seriously hurt but came out unscathed?|Hit by car and just had leg pain for a few hours
People who don’t listen to music, why?|Deaf
What is the best piece of advice someone, at your workplace, gave you when you started a new job?|Whatever you do, never lend the boss any money.
At this point regarding the Rep and Dem memos and FISA, it’s not spin, one side is just lying. What side are you on, and what do you think the odds are that YOUR side is the one that is lying?|Repubs are lying for the Prez top to discredit and divert from Mueller's investigation and the Dems are trying to add facts to the Pub's memo to show they're lying and trying to divert. It's pretty blatant and obvious.
What's a small day to day nuisance that really annoys you?|Rude drivers
Why drink alcohol when you have mouthwash?|Oh yeah
What is the worst smell you've ever smelled?|Rectal bleeding
Why are we as a species obsessed with eating foods that don't look like food--like fondant cakes of Super Nintendos?|"""We as a species""... aren't"
hey which one would win, 100 lbs of weed or 100 lbs of fire?|So fire is a process, a chemical reaction, between atoms. These atoms have a mass, but they would be there and have the same mass even if a fire wasn't burning. Hence the fire itself, being a process rather than an object as the alchemists thought, does not have mass.
why can’t you be trusted?|I swear. Your donut just ate itself.
How was your day?|It was good. Til I remembered I have court tomorrow at 9 am... An hour from home..
Anyone who has switched from Android to Iphone - How was the transition?|Easy, annoying but I don’t miss the bloat on my Samsung. Had every sgs series till 5. Now I have a mix of android and iOS phones. Droid still on firmware 4 years ago ...
Redditors who have lived through both, which is worse: winter in Michigan or summer in Texas?|I've visited both, for business reasons.  Summer in Texas is worse.  I'm from the Midwest, so maybe i'm used to the cold.  But 110F degrees is brutal.  Sweat giving skin irritation up your ass crack.  xD
What's something you used to believe as a child, that you don't believe now?|Santa Claus is real
What are some of the ways you physically self care for yourself?|Two rules: First, I always chug one big glass of water when I wake up and then I have also try my best to have  three fruits and two veggies a day... you'd be amazed what literally just doing this does for you.
What is some lesser known upcoming technology that will change the world?|Smart AI refrigerators
What are some cool cultural artifacts one can look up about for a project?|Do your own homework
What made the worst manager you’ve ever had the worst manager you’ve ever had?|I worked for a time as an interface developer, basically creating and modifying simple programs to translate data from one format into another, and my manager literally didn't understand anything about what I did. Sometimes it was good because I got to look like an astounding genius doing very simple things, but sometimes she would assign me tasks that she was convinced were simple and easy that were literally impossible. She eventually had me moved to a different team because she was convinced I was sandbagging about the projects I said weren't possible. Later, the developer who got reassigned my projects came to me asking for help about what he should do because she was assigning him impossible things to do and I had to just pat him on the shoulder and tell him good luck.
Would you watch Robot Dragon Nazi Sympathizer? Why or why not?|Probably not. It sounds cluttered, and not particularly challenging.
What did you get up to today?|Go to work, building HVAC systems, and then work out.
What is the most unsettling movie you've seen?|That scene from Bone Tomahawk, where they split that guy in two and proceed to eat him.
What are some of the most interesting/challenging riddles?|"""I'm fine"""
Reddit, what did you have a brief obsession about?|Owen Wilson jokes
what are the best tv shows to fall asleep to?|Definitely not the first two seasons of The Office.  When that trumpet fanfare hits after the silent credits you’ll jump out of bed.
How would you react if your SOs parents gave you $1m to buy real estate?|Buy real estate.
Who's your favourite redditor to chat to?|I would love to chat with FucksWithDucks, but I need to up my duck cred before trying something so audacious.
How do you know you've succeeded in life?|mo n e y
What books do many people buy but very few actually read?|The Bible.
Which accent do you enjoy hearing most?|Swedish.
what’s your before bed routine?|Take a massive dump, if I don't finish, take it to bed and finish it in my sleep
Redditors who are against PC culture, what are some things that you want to say that PC culture won't let you?|There's nothing I care to say that PC culture won't let me say, because I won't play their stupid game.
People with mullet haircuts: what do you like about your mullet?|Ahhh Kentucky waterfalls, I love the way it flows down my upper back and allows me to eat soup without worry.
What would you invent if you could?|The cure for cancer but I have a theory that certain people would want me killed to stop it getting out there
What movie sequel was better than the original?|Terminator 2
Reddit, what meme will make a mother who claims to have never laughed at a meme laugh?|Uh  I .. don't know your mother
Hey Reddit, what do men really want for Valentine’s Day?|company
Why do most drivers feel entitled to drive 20+ mph over the speed limit?|Come to Florida.  You get the assholes going 20 over and you get the assholes going 20 under.  Throw a little lack of turn signal action when changing lanes and you have this shit show of a state.
People of Reddit, do you keep your wallet in your back left pocket or your back right pocket and why?|Nice try, Mr. Pickpocket
What is something that you do that you thought everybody else did only later to find out it's just you?|"One day, I sneezed. Just a normal sneeze. And my then girlfriend started laughing and making fun of me for sneezing so dramatically.  At that moment, the world came crushing down upon me. I realized, only then, at age 25, that I had been sneezing very dramatically my whole life. My family. All of us. Instead of a simple, moderate, ""achoo,"" we'd add accents at the end. I realized I did it with yawns, too. I'm normally pretty quiet and monotone. But if I sneeze or yawn, it's like I'm trying out for the opera. I go out of my way to add intonations and flourishes.  And I did it subconsciously because my family was so dramatic with their sneezing and yawning, too. After that, I realized how everyone else made an effort to conceal their sneezes and yawns to a normal decibel level.  I've destroyed so many people's peace and quiet with this warpath of destruction. I'm so sorry. I apologize to anyone and everyone who has encountered it."
Paraplegic's of Reddit, what's it like doing butt stuff or just regular sex? [NSFW]|This is one of my fetishes. Any paraplegics that want to be sexually objectified, just let me know.
People who are against spanking badly behaved kids, why?|Your goal should be for the child to learn how to self-discipline, and making them scared of you is not going to do that.
Redditors who wear cowboy hats on a daily basis, what’s your reason?|I always thoughts its only for movie characters or texas tourists.
How do you deal with the co-worker you hate the most?|Figth them
Which day of the year scares you the most?|usually halloween, duh.
What store do you go to if you are looking for a jogging case for your discman?|Circuit City
What do you listen to while you're depressed?|Old country songs...Merle Haggard, Waylon Jennings, Marty Robbins, Willie Nelson and many others..
What is being phased out but is actually still quite useful?|Headphone jacks in phones.
What hobbies of yours started off free/cheap and ended up costing way too much?|Masturbation... I mean, video games?  Yeah, video games.
Can paraplegics feel their genitals and/or have an orgasm? If so, how does it feel?|No, they feel \*my* genitals.
Barbers and hair dressers, what is the worst mistake you've made cutting hair?|"Lol!  
I wanna know how the person getting their haircut responded."
How do you tell your wife that you will not eat her behind?|There is only one solution in your case....  *player 3 has entered the game*
What’s the fastest you’ve ever driven a vehicle?|Not sure if I'm incriminating myself, but 146 MPH. If I am incriminating myself, then let's say I was on a German autobahn.
How do you spend your free time?|Reddit and Netflix
What is the most passive-aggressive thing you have done?|"I went up north for work training two months ago. While out for lunch I was nearly hit by a some blonde haired dick driving a silverado. Later, after training I see the same Silverado pull into my hotel, with the same blonde haired dick. Turns out his room was on the same floor as mine. At around midnight I snuck out of my room and over to his, took off his ""Do Not Disturb"" door tag and slid it back under his door. I did this four nights in a row..."
Redditors with cool, puffy hair, how do you do it?|i think its genetic for most black folks
If you could be dead for a day then be alive and well the next, would you do it and why?|Yes because there are a fair amount of people I would like to haunt.
What would your life feel completely empty and meaningless without?|My dog. Fucker keeps me going when the going gets tough
What content from Reddit would you show someone, to convince them, that they need a Reddit account?|Memes that don’t call themselves memes
What happened to No. 1 pencils?|We don’t talk about him 😒
What to do in a first date?|fuck
Hey reddit, what's one fact that you think everyone should know?|double penetration is still gay even if you’re banging a girl.
What weird/sketchy things have your apps or phone done that were suspicious?|The reddit app says welcome home without permission to use location
When did a coustomer try to convince you they were right when they were clearly wrong?|"This lady tried to convince me that one of the four people who work in my department gave her a money order and she wanted a refund. We never did money orders. Ever. So I told my manager and he got a kick out of telling her exactly what I told her. ""Ma'am, you did not get that here. We will not give you a refund for this money order."""
Music fans of Reddit, what are the best hidden album tracks you've encountered?|Song called Grimoire by Lorna Shore
Redditors who are or knew someone who became a meme, what changed in life?|I knew a girl who did a cringey dance video when she was 13 or so. It was a semi popular meme and she was already depressed so that didn't help to see herself on Instagram with negative comments.  she said she did it ironically, she had a rainbow wig and was dancing in the snow, I never knew it was a thing but yeah, she said she hated that everyone at school mocked her about it
You can take over any sub reddit for the next 10mins (mods can’t even stop you) what sub and what do you post?|/r/nsfw  just post gifs of me helicoptering my dick
Who just wouldn't die?|Rasputin
What's the worst thing you've done in public that nobody noticed?|I had to poo in someone's bushes once. It was there or my pants, no ragrets. Fortunately, it was nighttime and nobody was around.
Who is your favourite video game character?|Link
Redditors, what is your go-to dinner recipe for date night?|"Grilled salmon with a miso glaze and a side of curried and roasted broccoli and cauliflower  Satisfying but light, so we don't feel too full for ""dessert""..."
If Kirby inhaled you, what powers would he get?|Depression
Gamers what's the best game you would recommend?|Gone Home is amazing. Treat it like an interactive movie and give yourself 2 secluded hours and you'll have an amazing experience. Just try to analyze everything and it'll be amazing.
What is the wisest thing you've heard from someone really unwise?|"""Sometimes you can know too much. A lot of brainy people like Stephen Fry are quite depressive.""  -Karl Pilkington"
What do you want to happen to your body after you die?|don't give a shit. I am dead.
How do you keep your sanity in February?|The same way I keep it the other 11 months- I don't.
Whats the update on net neutrality?|Good riddance!
If you could make an inanimate object talk, what do you think would be the most interesting thing to talk to?|The plushy that I have. Surely after hundreds of nights of cuddles they might have something to say. ^^^WashMe
With all the food you have right now in your entire house, how long could you survive given that there was a huge disaster such as flood/purge etc?|Maybe like 3 weeks. We’d be hungry but we’d live.
When you sneeze someone says bless you. What do you say when someone coughs?|Get away from me with those germs 😂
What is your favorite “It’s 2018, and we still (haven’t)...”?|found a good way to keep the end of a burrito closed. We need burrito tape!
Reddit, how do you comfort someone who is going through a difficult time?|Girl- buy them cupcakes and flowers. Guy- buy them beer and lapdance
Redditors, What are some cheaper but nice places to get married in that people might not normally think of?|We saved a ton of money renting a hunting lodge for our wedding, and the owners made homemade BBQ so we hired them to cater it. It was in the middle of the woods and it was beautiful, and the BBQ was awesome.
How did you turn your life around, for good or bad?|I voluntarily stopped talking to all my friends and moved to a new city when I was 17.  Best decision ever.  Most of them have overdosed and died or are in prison.
Reddit, At what time do you usually sleep at and how long do you usually sleep for?|I sleep from 11:00pm to 6:00am. I am a very boring person.
What songs are way catchier than they should be?|I whip my hair back and fourth!
What is that one song that you save for special occasions?|Echoes by Pink Floyd...damn that song is beautiful
What's the naughtiest thing you did as a child and how did your parents/careers/teachers react?|In middle school I drew pictures of naked women all over my school work and notebooks. My teachers made a conference with my mother. My mother grounded me, hit me, and called me a perverted idiot.
What’s the worst experience you’ve ever had with a one night stand?|I once banged my one night stand so hard I bruised my dick. Now I always take care to walk slowly whenever I'm near my night stand.
What should someone bring in order to have the best graduation party ever?|Weed.
Redditors with 2 moms or dads, who were the male or female role models in your life when you were growing up?|My Mom and my Dad and my Dad^2. My mom got really lucky finding 2 men to live her unconditionally. Most people struggle just to find one.
Penis wielders of Reddit: How many of you actually use the access hole in underwear when using the restroom vs just pulling the underwear down?|With tucked in shirt and belt, I  use the hole. Anything else,  I  drop trou.
A serial killer plays songs for his victims to let them know how they will die. What would be the worst song to hear?|Closer-NIN
Hey Reddit, what are the most reposted questions to r/AskReddit that will always get to the front page?|guys and or girls, what is the most attractive thing the opposite sex does that they aren't aware of?
You wake up and you're the president of the USA, what would you do to make an immediate positive impact?|Fire Ajit Pai and permanently reinstate Net Neutrality
Frequent fliers of Reddit, what are your tips for flights?|Enjoy the flight! Look out the window. Take in the beauty of the landscape and clouds. Realize that it's only been a hundred years or so that humans have had such opportunity. Flying at night? Cities big and small are all lit up. If there's a moon out, rivers flash into view, revealing their paths snaking off into the horizon. Snow reflections get interesting, too. Thank the captain on the way out the door for a great flight. 90% of my flights ARE great flights!
What's a question you have that only requires one or two Redditors to answer it?|What are these little white lymph node looking things on my ballsack
Which cover song was better than the original?|The Ulrich Schnauss remix of Johannes Schmoelling's *Icewalk*. The original sounds like a polka-slash-dirge, but the remix is a much more evocative and catchy piece.
"How would you take it and what would you do if your significant other said "" I wish you were more conscious?"|I would wake up from my coma
Have you ever regretted leaving a job? Why?|Yes and no. My boss was a total prick, but I loved my colleagues.
Security guards or property owners, what do you think of skaters/how do you usually deal with them?|Property owner here. I think there is plenty of public property they can skate on. I have no problem with them, but when you skate on my property, I potentially assume responsibility for your injuries. In other words, if you get hurt, I become involved. I don't want that burden, so go away.
Redditors who oppose the legalization of marijuana, what are the reasons you oppose it's legalization?|I don't like things that alter your mental state. Same reason I don't like alchol.
What is your best advice for someone about to enter high-school?|Get a bullet proof vest.
What generic product is NOT as good as the brand name?|Sodas.
What are realistic first date ideas?|Do something scary or illegal
What did you think about the silent kid in your class?|I am the silent kid
Trees of reddit, what's the weirdest slang you've heard?|Groot
What is your favorite/best way of passing the time at a boring job?|I find work to do. It sounds stupid but if your working time goes by faster. If your playing on your phone every minute goes by slowly.
im having some kind of mental break down and believe im jesus , what question would you like answered ?|Did you really walk on water?
Hey reddit, how would you go about planning a cross country move?|"A little more info: Recent college grad.
I want to move when my lease is up in August.
I'm moving from Boston to LA.
I have lived in LA before and have a small network.
Currently working as a waitress in a restaurant. I make great money, but it's not great for my resume (one of my greatest anxieties about the move being that I won't have time to get a salary job/break into my career and potential employers will wonder what I've been doing for a year).
How much money should I save?
Should I buy a car now and drive out or ship my stuff out and buy a car once I'm there?
Should I try to lock down a job first or wait until I'm out there to minimize travel expenses for interviews, etc.?"
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, which one is it and why?|Chocolate rain
What's your best NSFW experience?|I had a threesome a week after losing my virginity at 17. My gf was hosting a girl from europe who was hot and down, and we ended up fucking for a few months. Let's just say I peaked in my youth, and nothing like that has happened since. It's a bummer, but that memory keeps me going.
What’s one time you overreacted?|Got pissed one time and threw my guitar like a javelin at the wall so hard it speared into the wall and was sticking out of It
What food will you make sure you never eat again?|I recently had rasped duck liver.. it wasn’t even solid, it was pasty as soon as it hit your tongue
If you were on death row, what would you want as your last meal?|Painkillers
What is the worst or weirdest thing you've ever found in your food?|Onion. I despise it.
Fashionista's of Reddit, where do you the greatest quality for the lowest price?|Factory stores or sample sales. Factory stores typically don’t have as high of quality standards for their garments but well known companies don’t want to sell clothes that fall apart because it’s bad for brand image. Typically you can find pretty good sales at these stores as well. Sample sales are harder to come by and usually aren’t advertised but I’ve gotten over $1000 of high quality clothes for roughly $200.
YOU decide what comes after death...What is it?|Reincarnation, with memories intact.
How do you really feel about Valentine’s Day?|It's nice to have a nationally recognized day dedicated to amorous activities.
Do you have a plan for the apocalypse? What is it?|I keep a bottle of Tylenol next to my bed just for that instance
Reddit, you break into someones house, not to steal, but mildly inconvenience them when they wake up. What do you do?|Fry an egg and place it somewhere visible
What is something one can learn in the next few days that will change their life?|How to cook.  It's actually pretty simple, nowadays.  It'll take about twice as long as cooking up something frozen... so about 30 minutes. 1. Google some recipes for a meal.  Like how to make pork chops, how to make apple sauce, how to bake a potato, and how to make a vegetable of your liking.  2. Filter through the recipes for the easier versions 3. Make a shopping list, and get the ingredients, and any cheap cooking utensils/tools that you don't have. 4. Follow the 'for idiots' instructions on your recipes 5, Eat a completely home cooked dinner.
Former high school bullies, how do you feel about what you did now that you've grown up?|I feel great.
How do you tell a person you're not interested after a bad date?|"In my experience, they ""ghost,"" which is where they break contact with you."
What's the most upsetting lack of justice you've ever heard of/seen?|WW2 in general. All sides committed massive atrocities, yet few actually had to pay for their crimes. Meanwhile, lots of people who were tried (such as Nazi officials or Japanese officials) were mostly tried for their abuse of POWs and not their murder of civilians. Meanwhile, The soviets, Americans and Brits killed millions of innocent civilians in massive bombing campaigns, and no one says anything. While, also being guilty for abuse of prisoners, looting and rape of women and its never spoken about.
LOL is a common message but the action of laughing hardly occurs. What other phrases are over or under exaggerated while messaging?|"""I love you."""
Whats one thing you love, but its annoying for other people?|Fapping in public
is it rude if you meet up with your significant other and find out that they're high? and if it is, why is it rude?|Not really. Unless you also wanna be high then yeah. Cause sharing is caring.
What would you say/do if you had a chance to rekindle a relationship with the one who got away?|cool dude. sign me up
Those who have been homeless: What did you do on the cold nights?|Your mother
What was the last movie or game you rented from a Movie Store?|Gattaca
What do you do when you get home from school or work?|Masturbate
Why does it seem like millennials suffer from anxiety and depression more compared to other generations?|They don’t. We just notice it more now.
What do you want people to know about you, but don't want to say out loud?|I met a new group of people recently. They all assume that I've been in a relationship/relationships before, but there's never been a good moment to tell them otherwise without making it a big deal. It makes things awkward for me.
What job can you have and smoke weed?|Drug dealer
You’re a burglar but instead of stealing things you do things to kindly inconvenience your victim. What is your crime?|Take. All. The. Batteries.
Whats the funniest grown adult logic you've heard?|Be responsible...FOR YOUR OWN ACTIONS.
What was your terrible AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) screenname and what was the stupid story behind it?|Despite being scrawny, 10 years old and having no criminal record, mine was Felonious07. I go 9 over the speed limit now though.
What very specific niche of music do you love?|Drag queen electronic music. It's actually pretty amazing to work out to.  My guilty pleasure I share with no one.
Who would win in a fight between two armies of equal power and size: an army comprised of people with everything to lose, versus an army of people who have nothing left to lose?|First one.  When you have things to lose you fight harder. Smarter.  More resourceful.  When you have nothing left you just don’t give a shit. You become reckless. Stupid
Redditors with depression, what is your everyday life like?|"depressing.  
 
jk. pretty much like everyone elses, but the internal mindfuck differs quite greatly from normal sheeple"
What do you never cheap out on?|Toilet paper
What was the greatest day of your life?|Valentines Day 2017. Also the last greatest day of my life.
What are misconceptions about the Vietnam war?|I'm not doing your god damn homework
What do you need to help you fall asleep at night?|A fan. Or earplugs if that isn't an option.
Music fans what are the the funkiest, groviest songs you know?|Heaven 911 remix
Reddit, what are some good subreddits to share/read life experiences?|I know of r/pettyrevenge and r/prorevenge. But what are others where I can read other's stories?
What is your major malfunction?|That first step outside
What are you saving up towards?|For some addi
The aliens just heard David Bowie on the stereo of Elon Musk’s roadster. What should we play for them next?|Dark Side of the Moon. Pink Floyd.
What is the most important issue that has everyone been forgotten ?|The droid attack on the wookies
What letter/number do you enjoy writing the most, why?|I'll write the fuck out of a 4
What is your favorite Will Ferrel quote?|Strategeree.
What do you think of the album Graduation?|best Kanye album
How are SpaceX and Tesla seemingly so advanced compared to established companies such as Audi and Lockheed who I assume have decades of R&D under their belts?|Propaganda?
If downvotes existed in real life, what/who would you downvote?|Bad drivers so they would hopefully learn why they’re bad at driving and fix it.
Did you ever experience love at first sight with someone who reciprocated the feeling? How did things turn out?|I did but it turns out I'm dumb she's a lesbian I thought I had found the one
Who was the most “out of your league” person you’ve ever hooked up with or dated?|Ugh, the dude I’m dating now, and it makes me so insecure. I know he likes me and thinks I’m attractive, but I don’t really, deeply believe it. I know he can do better. It’s causing me to act crazy and I need to reign that the fuck back in. I was super cool at first, because there were no stakes and it was just a hook up. Now I really like him and I’m driving myself crazy thinking he’s just waiting for someone hotter to come along. I want us to be exclusive but I’m too afraid to ask so we’re both still dating others. When I initiated a talk about that we ended on him just telling me to let him know when I want to be exclusive, but I’m too afraid to do that, even though I want to, cause I find it hard to believe he really wants to just be with me. Ah! It sucks dating up.
Doctors/nurses, what is your worst horror story?|Not me but my grandmothers a nurse : When she was working one day she heard that this patient could not hear so well. She went to check on it and what happened was discussing. They looked inside of there ear and there was a live cockroach inside of there ear. My grandmother told me she threw up right after this
Procrastinators of Reddit, what is the closest you've ever come to a deadline?|I finished a presentation for class on my phone 4 minutes before I was presenting
Transgender community of reddit, when did you know you were trans and not just gay/lesbian?|Trans? More like trans fat.
You wake up on the island of misfit sex toys. What happens next?|I do my best to remain blissfully ignorant as to why they didn't fit.
Mechanics of reddit what great motor is in a clunker car?|any of the LS powered trucks
College professors who have slept with a student, how did that happen?|My girlfriend was a freshman and I was in grad school. She was a senior when I got employed as a professor.
Redditors who have accidentally done a drug, what is your story?|I smoked a blunt (on purpose) also tripped out on a little PCP (not on purpose)
What are some terms of endearment in your language?|*Slut.* My wife loves that one.
What's the single most embarrassing thing you've been caught doing?|"Stealing.    
Once when I was 5"
Parents who successfully sleep trained their toddlers, how did you survive those first few nights?|Wishing the baby wasn't crying. Knowing that's how it's been done much longer than i have had a child.
God has given you carte blanche to create a new animal: what is it like?|Two words: Elephant Corgi
People who love to argue, what is your major and profession?|I am a union steward.
"People of Reddit, what are your unlikely ""Good Samaritan"" stories?"|Went to a breakfast place with a big group of friends and they were having a power outage so they gave us $10 coupons for another location. We went to the location and loved our waitress. Teen mom in college and struggling.  We paid for our breakfast using the coupons, but everyone left a tip that was the equivalent to what they paid for for their food. Not to praise myself or my pals, but I felt like we did a good deed by leaving her a $70 tip.
Why does it feel good to ruin somebody else's morals?|Our ingrained egotism lives for that shit. We're all assholes at some level.
What do you wish that you could enjoy or do, but will probably never because it's mostly unheard of for someone your age and you'd feel too awkward?|Commute by way of motorized scooter.
What's the weirdest thing you've ever purchased?|a fleshlight.
What is the most expensive fuck-up in US history?|Didn't the DoD lose like a billion dollars that they could not account for?
Parents of multiple children, do you have a favorite child? What separates them from the others?|I have two, and yes, but it's not always the same one. Sometimes the oldest is my favorite and sometimes the youngest is. Whoever is listening to me and not throwing a fit is my favorite.
What's your best group costume idea?|Wheres waldo with a hundred other people
What is the best way to deal with someone trying to get you fired/make you quit?|make sure you're doing everything you should be according to company policy and document any and everything they're doing. harassment, uncomfortable work environment, anything. then go to their supervisor with it.  the key here is make yourself as squeeky clean as you can do nothing can come back on you.
Which tv show of your childhood would be even better with today's budget?|I can't quite remember if the Animorphs TV show was actually any good or if I just loved the books so much, but I feel like that was such a cool story and I'd love to see it re-imagined with modern special fx and a big budget.
What’s the scariest nightmare you’ve ever had?|"Swimming in a bottomless, endless ocean and just waiting to get eaten by a giant sea creature. I've also had a few dreams where I'm going through one of those ""fun houses"" that are set up to scare you in most of the rooms. In the middle it suddenly becomes a grudge-esque nightmare."
Every decade of your life is represented by a single piece of music. What’s your EP or LP like?|every DECADE? id only have two songs and they’d both be last resort by papa roach
Do any of you seriously dislike electric cars? If so, why?|They keep making my god damn lithium too expensive
What was the most expensive surprise you have ever had?|IRS tax bill
People in long term relationships, how do you keep things from going south?|Lots of compromises. Relationships are a team. Keep the team happy :)
Are you taking care of yourself, if so nice, if not why aren’t you doing so?|I’m in school and am so stressed and busy, but seriously neglecting myself both mentally and physically. I haven’t been to a gym in like 2 months and am eating like shit.. trying to get out of the slump but it’s so hard
What is the greatest misconception people have after meeting you?|That I dislike them
What’s the cheesiest ad you’ve ever seen?|Sisters nationwide advert here in the UK I hate it
If you had the opportunity to ask one serious question to a CFO/CRO/CEO, what would it be??|What do you do with equity Equity! Equity! Equity! Equity is the name of the game! If equity is high? You got to smash it down! Equity low? You gotta build it up, and smash it down again!
Whats that one song rhat just makes you see the past?|AVGN theme song.
Teenagers if Reddit, how do you get yourself up in weekends at s reasonable time?|Why would they want to? It's a weekend.
What’s a good hobby/activity that is enjoyable and productive for people who have too much spare time?|Blogging
Which is better a T-Rex or a velociraptor and why?|Velociraptor would be excellent animals to strangle to death
Dear dreamers of reddit what is the strangest dream you’ve had?|I once had a dream where a man with a glowing blue mouth bit all my fingers off and then kissed me. It was so fucking weird
How can you be as Charismatic as Will Smith?|Be Will Smith.
American men who decided not to sign up for Selective Services, how was your life affected?|Background info: All males in the US are required to register for the draft. Those who do not have to face a series of penalties such as the inability to gain financial aid.
people who ride pedal bicycles in traffic, why are you so wobbly and why are you in my lane and not on the sidewalk?|riding on the sidewalk is illegal
What makes you think ‘Black Panther’ is gonna be any good?|"It's Marvel.  They really haven't made a bad movie yet.  They've got the money and talent to make anything good.  On paper the Guardians of the Galaxy should have sucked.  Hell, their most recent cinematic outing consisted of ""Lets take Thor, and make it an 80's style comedy"".   Why wouldn't you think Black Panther would be good."
What's your favorite TV tropes article?|The Moral Event Horizon.
Teen dramas are my guilty pleasure. What’s yours?|Senior citizen dramas
If time travel existed, where would you go and why?|I’d go to the party hosted by Stephen Hawking inviting only people that could time travel that he told nobody about until a later date, proving that nobody thus far could time travel.
What's the most you've ever spent on a mobile game?|Money? Nada. Time? Too fucking much.
What did you rediscover on the internet that you thought you deleted years ago?|My deviant art account. Oh god the angst poetry
What would you do if you woke up as your greatest nemesis?|Kms
How do you find anime wallpapers instead of googling it?|Go to your local library I'm sure there are some smelly people there that'll love to discuss that with you
Humans of reddit, what's the last thing that REALLY made you laugh?|My mate went to put his hoodie on last night n put it on backwards with the hood covering his face.
How do you resist kissing your dog on the lips?|I remember that it is a fucking dog.
Where and how did you meet your significant other?|First week of college. He was friends with my roommates and came over to see them. They were gone but I invited him to come in and watch a movie with me. He declined.
What does it mean if you don’t like your baby?|It means you're a normal human being, and more complex than the stereotypes of what parenthood is portrayed to be. Tons of people don't like their kids, but you have a responsibility to be a parent to that child, and shape them into something the world won't reject. In time, that dislike will probably change to like. I work with a guy who didn't like either of his kids until they grew older, and now they have outstanding relationships. So don't put too much emphasis in the short-term, if you can help it.
What was your Greatest Screw Up from Last Year?|I walked into the japanese suicide forest, filmed a dead body and put that on youtube.
For those who are good at reading others: Are there any people in your life that you just can't read? Why can't you get a read on them?|People who are trying to be someone else (and there's a lot of them) just don't ring true. 'Be yourself' is good advice. Better for me and you if you are just boring with nothing going on in your life than someone who makes shit up to sound better.
What is your favourite name for a boy and girl and why?|Denise and Denephew because I’m Uncle.
Besides cheating, what can destroy a long term relationship?|Apathy.
People who worked in retail - What is the worst thing that happened in your job?|Probably tame by other's standards, but I worked graveyard at a 24 hours Walgreens when I was 18-19. A woman, high on some form of drugs, came in at around 4:00am, spent almost an hour loading up a cart, and when she finally checked out, her total was over $150. She tells me she only has 20 bucks. She left without buying anything, and had been eating food she was going to buy, including sticking her fingers into a jar of peanut butter (I only discovered this later). I had to stay almost an hour past shift putting everything back, and going over the opened food with a manager. Turned out she'd also destroyed the ladies bathroom.
If you could single handedly bankrupt one company, which company would you choose and why?|Nestle - the world needs it's water to not be in bottles
What's the worst snowstorm you have ever experienced?|We got about a half an inch of snow here in NOLA a few weeks ago. We will rebuild. (Been here over 30 years and it was the most I've seen here)
What was your dream job as a kid and why?|Bus driver
What are some problems that only right-handed people have?|Being able to be empathetic to left handed people
With all the UV exposure in space, will Musk's Tesla Roadster fade to white? And what about the tires?|try asking in r/askscience
What's the most bizarre, scary, or surreal dream you've had?|Last night I had a dream that all the Spongebob Squarepants characters were competing in Rupaul's Drag Race.
What is your favorite Youtube channel with less than one million subs?|YouTube.com/StephenPlays
What would make you go to bed happy tonight?|Getting asked out by someone I know, or r/nomorals being banned.
What are some unusual, useful or useless, benefits your workplace offers?|Free mints and rubber bands. Shitty dental though.
You're a burglar, but you don't steal. You break in and mildly inconvenience the owners. What do you do?|Ever so slightly unplug their cell phone cords from the wall.
What’s the hardest you’ve ever laughed?|At an Improv Show
People of Reddit who have been in a lockdown at school that wasn't a drill, what happened and how did the issue get solved?|Some kid put a smoke bomb in the pop machine and everyone though it was a bomb. The entire high school (550 students and staff) walked across the street to the junior high's gymnasium. We stayed there until the buses picked us up at the normal time.
What's the name of your sex tape?|VID_20170920_194630_001.mp4
People in the cosmetics and skincare industry, what insider secrets do you know?|Use lotion
Dermatologist of Reddit, what are your tips for maintaining healthy skin?|Lotion
What's the one stand-up comedy bit that makes you laugh every time?|Mitch Hedberg talking about LSD.
What Easy Foods to Cook when You Don't Know How to Cook?|Pasta, Potatoes, Couscous, anything in the freezer section, stir-fry, Any kind of soup including chili, Frozen waffles and canned soup.
What is the worst, seemingly innocuous thing someone has said to you that unintentionally struck or hurt you on a deeply personal level? How did you react?|When my best friend told me that he ignored most of what I said and didn’t care about my personal anecdotes.  I felt betrayed and very hurt. I pretty much just withdrew from him. He tried to justify what he said because he was “teaching me” on how to talk to people better but man, it hurt deep man. He moved to Pennsylvania and we haven’t spoken since except for a couple of times to tell me how great the Patriots are.
What do you think about communism?|A fantastic way to take away all incentives to work.
"What's the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear ""healthy food""?"|Those stock images of laughing women holding salads
What are your best tips for dealing with anxiety?|Push-ups. I do about 20 of those and suddenly I’m tired.
What's your most memorable incident that was a result of being on 'autopilot'?|I drank piss
People who don’t visibly emote, whats the worse experience you have of someone misinterpreting your intentions because you didn’t convey your emotions well?|A girl wanted to sleep with me in college and was about to make the move for it but she said my facial expression made her think my heart wasn’t in it. It was. But I generally don’t emote much.
People who make a complete mess in public bathroom stalls, why?|To piss the rest of us off.
What is the best thing that happened to you this week?|Today, I reconnected with a friend that I thought was lost to me.   It was like finding a little piece of me that has been missing, and knowing that it was safe again.  It was a beautiful day!
How do you deal with that condescending asshole at work?|Bite back, they never expect someone to not take their shit.
How self-aware are you? How self aware of your awareness are you?|I looked at myself in the mirror this morning, and the guy in the mirror looked back. Either that's some other fella behind the glass, or that's a reflection of a self aware guy. If it's some other fella, I wanna punch him in the face for impersonating me!  Bastard!  Get out from behind there so I can punch you in the face.
Actors/actresses who have performed nude, how did you decide to do it?|It's a body, we all have one. We all know what a penis and a vagina looks like.
What moments in life do you just have to look away, or have to look at?|i have to look away from the time i met up with someone on tinder and after the hook up i did a little bit way too many xans and all i remember is going on the bus then i woke up to my alarm clock for school lol i also lost my iphone and xans/lsd i had on me :(
What is your best joke?|My life
What supplements do you take daily?|"Ashwagandha
Creatine monohydrate
Multivitamins"
What are good songs to showcase guitar skills?|smoke on the water
What do you think of before going to bed?|EVERYTHING
What do people wrongly assume about you?|That I'm an aloof bitch. In reality I'm shy, and just have one of *those* faces
Grown-ups of reddit, how do you adult?|You never really adult. You just pay your bills, go to work, and hope the public doesn't find out what you do in your spare time.
Seriously, why are we so scared of going to the cinema alone?|Remember what happened during the dark knight rises?
You were just granted $500K by an angel investor for your business. What business are you starting up?|I would buy a pizza shop.
What did you do for the first time today?|Read this post
What is the one thing that, if you owned,!would bump your cool status up to the next level ?|Right now.... SpaceX
What's the ugliest face you can make?|The one on my driver's license and ID cards.
What came first, the x or the D?|oWo
What food brand is so good at their product that you won't even consider tasting other brands that sell the same type of food?|Blue Bell ice cream, I don't bother with any other brand from the grocery store.
Now that it’s been confirmed that Russia hacked the US election systems, how can the average American help to prevent them from hacking the midterms?|build a wall
What future technology is going to seriously hurt society?|"All this ""smart home"" shit google and amazon are pushing"
What's the most overrated movie of 2017?|Big sick and get out remember overrated doesn’t mean bad
What was the best thing your cafeteria served when you were in school?|Those rectangle pizzas that were part of a larger rectangle pizza and they'd just cut it for you. So good.
When did you blow a chance to get laid?|Every date I have ever been on.
What's a simple thing that makes you really happy?|When the subway or bus arrives as you do, so much so, that you don’t even break stride..
Redditors who are old enough to have older or elderly children, what is it like?|Elderly children?
What piece of technology would you like to see 10 years from now?|Smellavision, we already got VR. When am I gonna be able to smell what someone’s cooking in a YouTube video?
Where were you when Elon Musks rocket took off?|I don’t know. I didn’t even know it happened until several hours later. I’m still unsure as to when it actually happened.
A law passes and your only allowed to listen to one artist’s music for the rest of your life. Who do you you choose?|Weezer
Redditors, from your personal experience, what will get you further in life, a great personality or a great intellect?|A great personality. EDIT: This is not from personal experience.
Reddit, how come the eat off challenge isn’t a meme?|What
Do you look at the paper when you're wiping?|Yes. I love the sight of blood
If you had one chance to impress Gordon Ramsay, what would you cook?|Some crack
What would you do if you only had 1 year left to live?|I'd probably become a criminal
What band members would make the WORST rock supergroup?|Gene Simmons and whoever you decide to put in the band with him
1 minute in a grocery store to grab as much free food as you can... what do you get?|Scope all of the cheese its up
How did you meet your best friend?|We were doing some sex shit
What did you do with your eventual Spouse on your first date?|Watch The Fast and the Furious:Tokyo Drift.
What was your initial reaction to finding out that SpaceX launched a Tesla into space?|It's fake, pause this video at 12:47 https://youtu.be/RWB3TG7h9Og
Dear Reddit, what was the most distinctive smelling pee you've ever had the fortune/misfortune of sniffing?|What the fuck is the point of shit questions like this? What's the worst smelling piss you've ever smelled? Seriously? Seek help.
Where would you find a list of manufactures in the USA/Colorado capable of producing/private labeling a herb grinder?|Google.
Why do you think SpaceX purposely did not show the center tank crashing into the ocean?|Besides the obvious don't need the negative press?!?
Which of England's King's was the most brutal?|The one who cut off his wives heads
How would you describe the voice(s) in your head?|Non existent
What is a medical emergency that most people don't know?|Cold sore on a newborn / young baby
What is your go to movie to fall asleep to?|Not a movie but I like Bob Ross videos. They are all on Youtube these days.
Hey Reddit, what’s that one song on your phone that you would never skip?|Demons by joji
When you found out what you chinese zodiac animal was, did you think it fit your personally too well?|No, my chinese zodiac animal is the tiger and I am really more moose-like.
What are the most clever song lyrics you have ever heard?|"""Wake me up, before you go-go."" It helped them rhyme with yo-yo in the next line.  Very clever."
What are some genuinely good R&B song(s) released after 2000?|Look up Gallant... Serious songwriter, vocalist, innovative.
"FOX reports the following. Why did Obama want to know ""everything they were doing about (Strzok & Page 's) investigation into China""?"|Because Obama is complicit in what was going on. He’s a criminal. And a liar.
Reddit, when did you realise you were no longer in the know with phrases and trends?|Subbing at the middle school.
What is the shittiest thing your roommate does/has done?|Straight up pulled a midnight move after being behind on his part of the rent.
What do you think happiness is?|Any month but February.
Which musical legends should we be appreciating BEFORE they pass away?|Sir Paul McCartney
What movie would be the worst to watch in Smell-O-Vision?|Human Centipede.  Haha
What is one thing you will never consider attractive?|Thigh gaps. Why it became such a widespread trend amazes me, even if it originated from 4chan. Extreme thigh gaps just look kind of gross to me, like a girl is starving herself. The only girls I know who've had thigh gaps had been underfed by their abusive parents or had an eating disorder.
Reddit: Why do rude/mean people seem to get away with everything?|because most people don't like confrontation
What's in Area 51?|D
When you dream you're flying, what's it like?|I fly by rowing a canoe.  I row through  the air super fast.  It's cool.
Is trump the most hated president of america and why?|I don't know, I'd say Warren G. Harding and Herbert Hoover had pretty bad reputations as well. Not the biggest fan of Trump's but as others have stated he hasn't even finished his term yet.
If you could do one thing to mildly inconvenience the president, what would you do?|Make his tv shut off about every 2 minutes he watches it
If you could change the name of any single fruit, what would it’s new name be?|I'd change avocado to guacamole because literally nobody eats just an avocado
What could you use a potato peeler for as long as it’s not peeling potatoes?|Discount tattoo removal.
What’s something you’ve done that most people will never experience in their life?|Went to a sauna in Korea and got my hair cut while I was buck naked.
Redditors, what is the saddest ending to a movie you can remember?|The Mist
"Which subreddit made you say ""wow, there really is a subreddit for everything""?"|/r/everything
People of Reddit who don’t play instruments, what is the one song you wish you could play?|Wizardry Mind, by Cartoon Theory.
What do you think happiness is?|Crack
Who would win in a running race, you or your clone?|Probably clone, as he wouldnt have my dislocated knee injury.
What is the best execution of an artist performing for a cause/political message?|One that takes into account the interest of their audience.
What’s the one missed opportunity for sex that still gnaws at you today?|There was this one girl that I used to hook up with, totally took the dynamic of our relationship for granted. Spent more time with the boys and less time fooling around with her.  Now I wish I had been laying in the sun exploring that body of her's more often.
People who swim in lakes or oceans at night, how aren’t you scared?|Nothing will happen at night that can't happen during the day. Just use the same swimming precautions and you should be fine.
What is your favorite green text?|>Gaze aimlessly on train >realize you're looking at a hard-gay black man >look away >look at him again >he nods >arrive at your stop, which is coincidentally his stop >miss your stop
What are you craving at this moment?|pussy
What have you witnessed that you believe is a sign from deceased relatives?|Seeing the way my grandmother had her documents sorted and hid some of her debts to the point we couldn't find them and got surprise debts after taking the heritage.  I believe that was her sign of showing that she hated us.
What are some nice things you can say about people in the public eye you don't like?|Madonna takes good care of her body. Probably goes to the dentist on the regular.
What was the thing you did not see coming?|Me being borned
What sad songs do you listen to when you're feeling depressed? You know, those kinds of songs that make you feel sadder?|Joji's in tongues ep
What is something that you had to take the blame for?|Those times when I fucked up.
"What is the ""you wont always have a calculator on you at all times"" of the modern education system?"|Was gonna take the placement test at my county college. I had been out of high school for a year or 2 but figured id do just fine. On a whim, i decided to grab a practice test. Did perfect until the arithmetic section... I completely forgot how to do long division... after blowing through algebra 1-2 sections and some calc. I had zero clue how to divide or do almost anything on paper really. Was a really grounding moment for me..
What are your best arguments when somebody blames Autism on vaccines?|Ask them if they would rather their kid be autistic or dead.
Emergency workers of reddit how do you prepare yourself for an accident you know involves kids?|It’s hard. I was working in the ED when we got a call that a 2 year old had fallen out of a 2nd story window onto cement. Hearing his wails as EMS brought him through the bay brought tears to my eyes. If they’re crying, it’s a good thing.  When EMS brings them in CPR in progress, we’ll work on them much longer than we should, even though we know it’s futile. It’s hard giving up in that situation.
What is your greatest strength?|My right arm
Non-Americans of Reddit, in what way have American films and TV shows influenced your culture?|In a bad way. Up top!
Happy people of Reddit: In your experience, what does it take to be happy?|Find the little things in life and don’t carry the weight of the world on your back. Find solace in everyday and the people that surround you.
What’s your county jail/prison experience?|Boring. Cold. I never want to play Spades again.
Who is a huge celebrity in your country that has little to no recognition on a global scale?|Every huge celebrity is known on the global scale. One of, if not the largest export from the US is our culture.
People who went to AA meeting, but ended up leaving, why did you leave?|the meeting ended
If the internet never existed, what would you be doing right now?|fapping to Victoria Secret catalogs
You wake up tomorrow morning with $20,000 and a plane ticket to anywhere. Where are you going and why?|Wellington. I'm heading there anyway, it'd just be nice to have the $20k.
What’s that one super annoying joke that people always make about your profession?|“Did you know wrestling is fake? Well didja???”
hey reddit, OKC is dying, CL seems dead... so where are the good free websites for casual hookups nowadays?|Thought I was in /r/nba for a second there.
If you were 8 years-old on Reddit, what would you AskReddit?|i love pizza
What are some unwritten rules of society?|Follow or get fucked in the arse!
What is a good response to a guy who says he already has enough friends?|bye
What exactly is the Cloverfield series about??|Well, there was monster, then a crazy guy. Then they decided to make EVERY sci-fi movie ever and smash them all together.
What months would you omit from the calendar if you could?|July and August. That woulf make September the seventh month, October the eight month, etc. Just as is should be.
How would you explain getting older to someone 10, 20, or 30 years younger than you?|Body/limbs start to hurt, you’re always tired and everyday you realize how stupid you actually are and how little you know
What are some health habits we should all do regularly, but don’t?|Not post on askreddit
What are some scarring encounters you have had with other people?|"I stepped outside of my hotel and a guy came up to me complimenting me, then he ended up cornering me near a wall. He kept trying to make me taste his pocket Jack Daniels that happened to be green, he even pretended to sip it. I was so uncomfortable and scared and anyone I gave the ""look"" to walking by kept passing me. I had to forcefully walk away and he said I am a heartless demon. I'm a male by the way."
Is it rude to contact a tattoo artist and ask them what price a piece would be?|If anything, it's normal, I'd think.
People with irrational fears, what are you afraid of and how does it affect your life?|I'm terrified of snails. They're slimy, digusting and just creepy. These bastards make me afraid to garden because there's always a billion of them in the dirt. I can't go barefoot in the grass either, because I'm stepping on tons of them. Forget going out in the rain. Swimming in lakes or visiting tidepools is a pain because snails coat every surface. Those stupid cretaures seem like they'd be insignificant, but they're EVERYWHERE.
Formerly blind people of reddit, what was it like to see for the first time?|Eyeopening
For people who work overnight, is it still bad to eat at night or past a certain time?|Eat 4-6 times a day, ideally. Spread out over your waking hours, if you work overnight chances are you have a different metabolic process than someone who is awake regular hours. So as long as you space carbs out long enough before bed, you should be fine.
Mexicans of Reddit, how is Mexico's political scene responding to Trump's rhetoric and the cartel violence?|Not much has changed
Is it ok to fart anywhere in a public bathroom, including while washing your hands at the sink?|I mean I fart out blood so
If you could try out any job for one week, what job would you choose to try?|President of the USA so I could attempt to fix some things
For those of you who believe in God, when have you questioned your belief and why?|I'll be honest, I never have. My belief in God doesn't contradict my experiences.
People that have saved someones life/had their life saved by somebody, what happened?|"My cousin and I were at South Padre Island Jetties walking. We were at the very end enjoying our day and on the way back to the beach we notice a couple being a little loud and splashing. At first we thought they were playing around until we got closer and the guy yelled to help them.  So we looked at each other looked at them and once again the guy said to help them.  That's when I noticed the girl going under and trying to come back up.  So I jumped in and swam past the guy towards the girl.  When she comes up a little I grab her from behind and tell her to calm down.   Kind of yelled it at her and she just stopped.  So I was able to get closer to the where my cousin and he pulled her out.  Then I go back to the guy, he was easier and he was managing to stay above water.  I just got behind him and just pushed him little by little towards my cousin.  
Once they were out, we just told them to be careful and continued on to the shore.  We had pizza later that night and it was good."
What are some things that will happen before Dr Dre's Detox comes out?|The apocalypse
What are some signs a comedian is on drugs?|They openly talk about it like Bill Hicks.
Those of you you who use Discord, what was the reason you left a server?|Because it encouraged literal voluntary semi-permanent brainwashing.
What is the coolest thing people don’t know about you?|People who know me pretty much are aware of everything. but something i never really mentioned is that i have synasthesia, a brain condition that relates numbers / music with colors. so i basically think of colors when i hear sound. and relate certain letters or number with certain colors
Have you ever accidentally walked in on one of your parents while they were naked? If so, how’d it go?|Nope. It’s always been on purpose.
According to your YouTube history, what was the first video you ever watched?|I've been on YouTube since like 2007. I have no way of scrolling to the beginning of the history
How would Apple be different today if Steve Jobs were still alive?|They wouldn't have ever made the iPad mini or the larger iPhone models.  Jobs was approached with those product ideas years ago and he absolutely hated it. He was the type of guy who wanted to take a single product and continue perfecting it. He didn't like variety for the sake of variety. He considered those products redundant. Ultimately, those products have been money-makers. So his argument, whether or not valid from a design and R&D standpoint, was wrong from an economic standpoint.
People who ran away from home as a kid/teen, why did you make this decision?|"Because my parents were ""dumb"" and wouldn't let me do what I wanted to I ran away to the park and played on the swings. After a couple of hours I got hungry and came home."
People previously in long distance relationships but now live together, how are things now?|Fantastic.
Hey Reddit, What is more important for humanity; a space race or cutting climate change?|Definitely cutting climate
What technical difficulty god must have faced that he made adam from dust but eve from adams rib?|None?
How many pictures do you have on your phone?|Like 8
"What are your thoughts about schools in Duluth, MN removing ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" and ""Huckleberry Finn"" from their curriculum?"|Stupid. In my (very) limited experience, TKAM is the best book about that time that still manages to be entertaining.
How different do you think Apple's overall sales would be if they made their iPhones with glass that didn't break so easily and never pushed for having to upgrade your phone every few months?|Drastic go down.
Most heavily investigated suspects: O.J. Simpson; Hillary Clinton. Why do we drag innocent people through such nonsense?|Idk if I would call them innocent but I wouldn’t call them 100% as guilty as people make them to be.
How likely is a dystopian future, how soon would it happen and how would it play out?|Depending on who you ask, we might be living in one already.  As long as there are baby ducks to fawn over, it's a pretty good timeline.
Hey Students of Reddit, What advice did you receive that changed the way you approached studying and made you a better student?|“If you don’t like your teachers just pretend to like them”
What do you think Trump is?|Homosapien.
What do you think about happiness in anyone's life?|Appreciate it. It's a fleeting feeling, like every other feeling. Just know that you can't be super happy all the time. And that's okay.
What were the similarities between Socom on ps2 and Ghost Recon?|I’m trying to remember. Was ghost recon ps2 related to  seig ps4? And was socom confrontation for ps3 and ps2 were they stealth games too? Or is it a tom Clancy game?
How much money do you have right now?|$1.78 ... Don't get paid til next Friday :(
What are your pet peeves?|Dogs barking
What subreddits do you own?|/r/churchofthelemniscate and /r/ImaginaryMusicVideos.
Redditors who are dating someone way out of your league, how did you do it?|I see you need advice. As do I
Has your school ever been shut down for a while?What happened?|I remember a school nearby had its dome roof cave into the school from the snow, the kids had to go to other schools for a few weeks including mine
What will we never forget?|We will forget everything, and learn nothing. There will be another world war, there will be another holocaust, there will be another 9/11.
What's the best non-pun comment chain you've seen on Reddit?|The one I am starting now. ^^^^Go ^^^^my ^^^^minions
When did you first realize true love?|I'm 13 I haven't Only failure and a great sense of self dissapointment
What do you do on autopilot?|Comment on AskReddit. See?
Teachers of reddit, what kid will you never forget and why?|Some kids are somehow mentally older than others by a long shot. One kid had to deal with rape and alcoholism. She was just different.
Reddit what is your “Bluetooth speaker gone wrong” story?|I think i just lost it.
What’s the dumbest attempt at cheating on an exam you have ever seen?|The time where this student took a post on the front page and flipped it around thinking there were really clever and original. But in reality 80 other people have done the exact same thing in the last hour.
There is one smell you will never forget: your childhood home. What was that smell for you?|I don't remember.
If Starman had a playlist of songs to jam to until his grand finale, what would be on that list?|Like starman from earthbound?
Reddit, what’s your go to dressing on a side salad?|Caesar EVERY time.
What question can you ask on AskReddit to make the best clickbait article?|I do not work for buzzfeed or any other clickbait website. But that is one of two reasons why I downloaded Reddit.
Parents of Reddit, what's the hardest or most hilarious talk you've had to have with your kids?|"4 year old daughter ""who put the baby in there?""
Points to my girlfriends pregnant stomach. Me "" Daddy"" Daughter ""How?"" Me: ""magic?¿¿¿¿?""
Praying shed just let it go"
Campers of reddit, what is something creepy that happened to you while camping?|This isn't recent but happened when I was a kid and we were camping in Mammoth. Woke up in the middle of the night. Sister tells me to be quiet. Dads holding his gun(which he brought despite being allowed to own but at least it was for protection). There was a bear circling our tent. Thing is, earlier before that before going to sleep I had the worst migraine I ever had in my life. Worst than any I've had today. Felts like nails in my head. So when I woke up I didn't care and just went back to sleep.
What's the next batshit crazy thing you want to see Elon Musk do?|Make a real life halo energy sword.
What's your favorite model or type of car?|Audi RS4 Avant.
Hey guys, what are your thoughts on felon voting rights?|My little brother is a twice convicted felon. We’ve been talking a bit about his rights as he’s just been released from prison. In our state he will regain his right to vote after time, but in other states he could not.  I’m of the mind that voting is his right has a citizen of the U.S., and while punishment is deserved, the voice of a citizen shouldn’t be extinguished.  I work in elections and I’m finding that most of my colleagues grew up fairly sheltered and have pretty conservative views on the subject.
Who really needs to stop trying to give advice? On what?|Dr. Oz needs to stop giving health advice, at least from the mainstream shit I've seen. I don't know if his less popular stuff is actually healthy, but damn, what I do see is just sad. Weight loss is great and all, but not at the expense of overall health. Negative calorie soup? Seriously?
What are you no good at but love doing?|Posting right here
What do you wish people would just shut up about?|Tide pods
What's your irrational fear?|Is fear of dying irrational?
How do you brake the ice?|A pick axe or sledge hammer
Who is the pickiest eater you know who is not a child, and what seems to be their problem?|A friend from Arkansas will not try seafood, Chinese, nor spicy foods.
What is the first R-rated movie you ever watched?|Terminator 2
What is something that you should never buy cheap?|Toilet paper
Redditors named Kyle, what the fuck is up?|Good ol’ vine
What is a small thing we all could do that would make the world a better place?|Give someone a compliment. Especially someone  quiet. You never know just how much it could mean to them.
What song has the most nonsensical lyrics but feels the most provocative?|Anaconda
Who is one person no longer in your life (but is alive) that you wish you could bump into by chance? Why?|Any of the girls I turned down in high school and college because I wasn't single.
What do you think the tickle monster looks like?|John C McGinley
Teachers of Reddit, what goes on in the teacher's lounge?|A bunch of exhausted and exasperated complaining and off-color jokes.
What was your worst traveling experience?|China. Lot of things got stolen and we got scammed on by our own guide.
Besides a LEGO, what’s something that is extremely painful to step on?|2 Legos
What was the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?|A living tentacle of a live octopus. Apparently we koreans like eating raw seafood from time to time.
Girlfriends, If you were furious/upset with your boyfriend, what could he do that would make you forgive everything?|Oh no, what did you do?
a genie offers you the chance to choose one product and anyone who has ever purchased that product is wiped from existence; what product do you choose and why?|iPhone bye America
What is the best Alan Watts book?|The book that made the biggest difference for me was The Book. Otherwise, I've found I tend to prefer his lectures (and the other Watts books I've read have just been transcriptions of lectures.)
What are some unwritten rules?|Don't eat the crab dip
How deep could a human safely dive into a sea of ballpoint pens?|This is horrifying to imagine.
"What is the ""Fetch the butler, we would like tea and sandwiches by the fireplace"" of our time?"|"""Alexa, order more tea."""
What back handed comment have you received?|You'd be so hot if you were skinny.
What was the happiest time in your life so far?|Probably the time when I was high as a kite and was going down a hill at midnight by myself singing at the top of my lungs to a song I love. During that moment I learned I could do anything as ling as I put the time, effort and motivation into that thing .
If you could go back and change one thing, what would it be?|My highschool career. I did pass, but barely. If I could go back I would take it way more seriously and made better choices.
Forever aloners of reddit, how many of you even try to improve yourselves?|Is it wrong to hope that someone will love me for who I am?
Where do you put your arms and hands when you go to sleep?|I sleep with my left forearm on my forehead and my right open palm on my cheek.
What is one thing you never want near your mouth?|Another man's penis
In what time period should the next Back to the Future movie take place?|The 80's of course
Your 7 year old daughter's close friend says something that makes you quite sure she's being sexually abused. What do you do?|We need details. What did she say?
What is the best and the worst title for a rap album at the same time?|Money Laundering
If you could send an object of your choosing into space knowing that aliens would eventually find it, what do you send to get the best reaction?|The entire Internet, compressed into a single file.
what was the scariest thing that ever happen to you while on vacation?|Not me, but a friend of mine encountered some crazy shit while travelling in Taiwan. This was around Taichung. There were four of them, Her with two other girls and one guy. Hopped in a Taxi and gave driver the destination. He goes the right way for a while, then abruptly pulls off into a side road. Still driving along, my friend asks him in Mandarin where the hell he's going, since they've been to this place before and they know wherever they're going now is not what they asked for. Driver says nothing, gets on the celly and speaks to someone on the other end in Taiwanese. No one in the car understood this language, the mystery was in how the driver figured this out since they were all Asian and could have easily passed for natives visiting home for the holidays. The car pulls into an open field, surrounded by trees in every direction with only a single house in the middle of it. He parks right outside, and it appears people were emerging from the building. Several of them. Driver pauses for a brief second, starts the car up again, and commences driving along. A few minutes later, the group find themselves on the side of the main road as the cabbie drives off. What the three girls in the back of the car did not know at the time was that upon stopping outside that house, their fourth member sitting up front pulled out his knife and held it right above his knee. Making sure it was in plain view of the driver. Once the cabbie saw this, he started the car up again. No doubt realizing the dangerous situation he inadvertently found himself in. They never figured out what the driver planned on doing, but anything even close to kidnapping couldn't have been good. Cabbie was reported to the authorities, but they left for the states before finding out anything further.
What happened to music?|mtv
What's something a kid did that impressed you?|Whenever I see a kid being polite and reasonable with the parents I'm impressed by both the kid and parents
What is the most overrated vacation spot in the US?|Roswell, NM
What's something really ironic?|People burning effigies of trump claiming they hate how full of hate he is
Hey Reddit, you are stranded on an island for the rest of your life. A plane will drop off 3 things once a year until you die but only the same 3 Items. What are your 3?|A boat, the crew and a beautiful woman who is attracted to me.
Where do you wish you weren't hairy?|Ass.
Musicians of Reddit, why did you become a musician?|Lets my frustrations out.
If there’s no sound in space, then how did we hear the broadcast of David Bowie from the Tesla Roadster?|That was played from the launch center.
What is the worst case of kids misbehaving in public you've ever seen?|"We were at a restaurant. The table over from us had 2 kids...one was probably 4, the other was between 1 and 2.  They are running around the restaurant, bumping into the server, climbing under nearby tables, etc., while the parents casually eat and chat like absolutely nothing is amiss. One finally falls and bashes his face, starts screaming. Mommy comforts him enough, then goes back to ignoring him while he runs around. You know you've done goofed when servers are trying to correct your kids.  It finally got to the point that both children are standing on chairs, stomping up and down while screaming. This is the point at which I blurted out, ""ARE YOU KIDDING ME?"" This went on for about 20 minutes before the parents finally moseyed their asses out the door.  
I have 2 kids and I have left restaurants for far, far less. One of my kids has autism and can be disruptive. I'm a little more understanding if there's only one adult (maybe they need to pay their bill before they can GTFO), but when there's 2 adults, someone stays behind to get doggy bags and the bill while the other loads up the kids. It's just fucking inexcusable."
Senior defence lawyers of Reddit, what advice do you have for your juniors?|You will never know everything about anything.
What song/music you wish you haven't heard of?|Are we still doing gucci gang?
whats your biggest outdated belief?|That words can't really hurt you.
What will children of today never understand?|Life before the internet
What are some good hairstyles for men that don't require much work?|Buzz Cut. Anything short really.
Kinder recently announced they're making a Kinder Bueno ice cream. What's the next thing that should be an ice cream flavor?|Bees
What are qualities that make a healthy relationship?|luck
Non WWE fans, why?|Why what?
What video never fails to make you laugh?|The classic trololo man.
Do you think John Cena is important, why or why not?|I think he just as important as all the other celebrities, so no not that important
What’s the weirdest subject for an adult coloring book?|Pony’s
What is Daniel Day-Lewis's best role?|Daniel Plainview
How are you spending Valentine’s Day?|Alone. In my room. Depressed as usual. *Sigh*
A genie gives you three wishes. One of the wishes, chosen at random, will do the opposite of what you asked for. What are your wishes?|"I wish i was rich
I wish i was poor
I wish i was rich. Where my statistic people at??"
Non-religious redditors, do you think humans should strive to be in a monogamous relationship? Why or why not?|Meh, I'm cool with people doing whatever they want. If it works for them and everyone's happy, then fine. I prefer monogamous because I get jealous.
If aliens came to earth what would they find hilarious that us humans do?|Everything.
Lesbians of Reddit, many TV shows such as Orange, Sex and the City, and Master of None claim that lesbians can have multiple orgasms faster. Is this true at all?|Did you see that LeBron shot tho?
How can one break through the Siegfried line?|Be a tiger?
What event did you witness where you had to call the cops?|car accident
Reddit software developers, what is one thing you wish the marketing team at your company would do?|Give me all their money. Then keep it coming every pay day.
What uncommon word do you use that replaces a common word?|Depending where you're from, 'cunt' is probably less common than 'one' but 'everycunt' and 'somecunt' are pretty common terms for me.
What are the most interesting names for groups of things?|A murder of crows
Using only your reddit history, how you have you changed over time, since starting Reddit?|Far more snarky and obnoxious
"Redditors who dated in High School, Where is your ""High School Sweetheart"" now?"|New Hampshire I think?
People of askreddit, what is a question you always wanted to post but didn't?|Why black people smell like fish.
What mediocre movie had a great ending?|now you see me.
Bus drivers of Reddit: what was the most wasted dude to ever enter your bus?|Me. The driver
People who have to discuss sex with clients, do you ever get aroused, and if so, how do you deal?|2 in the pink 1 in the stink. Unless it's a guy... Then it's 3 in the stink and a pinky up my butthole.
What is the optimal time to start learning a music instrument like a Violin?|The best time to learn the violin was 20 years ago, the second best time is now
People who run back to bed immediately after using the bathroom in the middle of the night, what do you think is out to get you?|It's Canada. It's winter. I'm not running from fear, but from cold.
People who have had undiagnosable pain for months/years, what did it end up being?|Who knows, I live in the united states and choose a roof over my head vs a medical bill
What are the pros and cons of being a thin man?|Not being fat
When did video games become boring to you?|When everything did. The days when I could only do something for 10 minutes before being bored shitless and just forcing myself to bed again
Redditors in committed relationships of 10+ years, what's your secret?|Find someone who likes the same shit you do. It's  even better if you find someone that hates the same things as you.
What are some fun things to do at home when you're bored as heck?|Video games, I guess. But the truth is I can barely play video games for an hour before they bore me too
Redditors, has anyone ever been watching a TV show/movie and realised their car/ home was in the background?|Lots of TV shows use the forests around Vancouver BC. It's easy to tell a pacific northwest forest from all the sword ferns, pines, and moss. It always gives me a sense of home (Western Washington).
How did you discover you were cheated on by a partner? How did you handle it?|"I could tell from her performance in bed. I asked her, “Where did you learn that move?” The look on her face said it all... 
...I later uncovered the whole story and I was, in fact, correct.  I handled it by going to the Pastor of her church and asking for help with infidelity. He had seen me with her a few times so he knew exactly who I was talking about."
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?|Kangaroos
How much money would it take to change your life right now?|Just give me 5 dollars to buy beef jerky right now and ill be happy.
What's a fact you don't like to think about?|3 more years of trump
If money wasn't an issue anymore, what would you be doing everyday?|Playing the claw machines and adopting old and crusty dogs and making their senior years the best ever.
What are your biggest turnoffs on a first date?|Trying to have a conversation with a person that is constantly on their phone
Your spending history is visible to everyone for the past week, what do we learn about you?|Surpriseee I’m a huge bdsm freak hahaha ha h uhh um please dear God don’t ever let that happen
Why are you still on that dating app?|Let's be honest, to fuck
Which singer can't you stand but respect their talent?|Pink.
How has reddit helped you in your real life?|when i get an upvote im happy i made someone smile
What is something you believe wholeheartedly?|GOD IS GOOD OP
Guys of Reddit, what is the girliest thing about you that you're willing to admit?|I like crossdressing. I'm a pretty open book, I mean I go to school with my nails painted so need I say more?
What series would be vastly improved upon if characters actually had a chance of dying, similar to Game of Thrones?|Big Bang theory
If you were give a piece of land to create a new country what would you call it? Why?|America 2: Electric Boogaloo
What do you do when you are lonely?|You're looking at it, *friend.*
Who is your favorite person that holds opposite beliefs of your own, and why?|Religious beliefs? Ben Shapiro. The dude just isn’t an obnoxious asshole about religion.  Political? Prolly Bernie. The dude just seems nice and well intentioned.
What is the most unattractive physical feature a guy/girl could have?|Extreme obesity.
What are some of the most outlandishly petty things historical figures have done?|Invaded Poland
Reddit what do you hate about news outlets the most?|They can be biased to republicans or democrats
Who are the scummiest celebs?|Harvey Weinstein is pretty bad
Who's the most famous person of each race?|Tiger Woods. I think he's all of them.
What is your true form?|Drunk
People who stayed friends with their exes after breaking up, what is/was it like?|Totally depends on both person's personalities.  Most people have shitty personalities.  Make an inference.  :p
Who are the nicest people in the world?|Me. You fuck faced turtle humper.
People who refuse to enjoy anything to do in pop culture, what do you enjoy doing?|Enjoyment is for plebs apparently
Slow drivers of Reddit, why do you drive 5mph below the speed limit??|To piss off tailgaters, you fuck.
What’s something nice you did for a stranger recently?|Upvote their post 😁
What do you think of when you think of the Ghetto?|My old house in Tucson.
What's your thoughts on a girl wearing a lightweight beanie to bed?|Seems uncomfortable to sleep in
What are your top 3 music albums of all time?|Radiohead - A Moon Shaped Pool The Shins - Chutes Too Narrow Matthew Good Band - Beautiful Midnight
Taxi drivers of Reddit, what's the scariest/weirdest thing to happen in your car?|My father used to drive a cab. One night a drunk guy got in the front seat (it was the 70s so whatever), and noticed that my father was (and still is) Chinese. He said something to the magnitude of “hey you’re Chinese aren’t you? Do you know any of that kung fu”. My father did not (and still doesn’t) and told the drunk man that he did not. The drunk man didn’t believe him  and demanded that my father “show me some of that kung fu”. When my father said (again) that he really didn’t know kung fu, he grabbed his hands while he was driving and tried to fight him. He was able to stop the car safely and used some non-Kung fu to kick the guy out of his cab.
What song made you give up on a band that you liked?|Something's Gotta Give by All Time Low
What's the worst experience you had with spoiled food?|I left chicken in the fridge so long that it went beyond mold and straight into death sludge stage. Damn near threw up and shit myself from the horrible smell of it.
What’s your dirtiest most unlikely to work pick-up line?|"""You're like a flower"" ""aww that's sweet why"" ""because I want to pollinate you"" Used it on okcupid back in the day. It actually didn't work (if you can believe it) but we got to arguing about it and then I asked if we could start over after bickering for about a week. Ended up dating for half a year."
What's some questions you'd ask a professional wrestling fan (me)?|what are ur thoughts on the shockmaster
What is the longest time you have binged on Reddit for?|Enough to where I made a post wondering who else was on board with me
What's the weirdest argument you ever got into?|I once got into an argument over who was more sunburned, me or the other guy.  He was talking pure shit.  It happened so fast that people were shocked at my sudden firm tone.  I know it was stupid to take the bait (not to mention about such a silly topic) but I was so sick and tired of his narcissistic, know-it-all, better/more-than-everybody personality that I just had to stand up and say NO, not this time.  I’d been silently dealing with his cocky, me-me-me attention-demanding bullshit all vacation and I finally just snapped.  Even he was shocked into silence for once.  It was less of an argument and more of a nipping in the bud.  (He was pink-shouldered and slept like a baby compared to my lobster-red trunk, feverish restless trance, and all-night chills.)  No way I was letting this one slide.  I’d had enough.  That little fucker.
Redditors, which secret about you would you be willing to share anonymously but not as yourself?|im gay 4 vagina
What’s something you have a hard time believing even though it everyone else believes it?|Evolution. I totally understand that adaptation is a thing that definitely exists, but I find it very difficult to understand how we actually came to exist from amoebas.
What’s the craziest thing you’ve seen at a party?|"Sharon Stone walked in.  Turned to the guy next to me at the bar and said, ""Shit, is that Sharon Stone?""  ""Sure is,"" replied Ed Norton.  (Did not know that celebs were going to be at this event I was at for work)"
How many days in a row have you've gone without sleep?|58 hours. I was so sleep deprived that I began hallucinating and had the onsets of paranoia
What's the scariest dream you've ever had?|Ones where you fall and wake up and your entire body spasms
What's the most socially awkward or cringy thing you've done?|Live
At what point does a million dollars become nothing to someone?|When they become nothing to themselves
Did you and/or your friends ever come up with your own games? How did you play and what were the rules?|We had stick wars. We used bamboo sticks as swords. You can't let another persons sword touch you, or you're out.
People who have moved in with heir SO and other roommates/couples what was it/is like? Pros/Cons?|"I moved into a two bedroom townhome recently. It was two couples, me and my fiancee, and my two best friends from high school. Now, we are one engaged couple and one girl. The guy turned out to be a narcissistic asshole.  
Try and know your roommates before moving in. That's not always possible. Don't feel super bad when friends turn out to be someone else. It sucks, but it happens, and it's mostly for the better when you lose people."
If you were locked in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber for one year and to choose one specific skill to improve, what would you choose?|Piano. Easiest answer ever because I’ve literally mentioned the exact thought to friends. “I wish I could go inside a hyperbolic time chamber so I could spend endless hours composing on the piano”
Why do you think psychedelics are illegal?|Government doesnt want too much wokification
If you had to describe your life with a Buzzfeed style title, what would it say?|10 signs you might be a subpar dude who likes redheads
What would be your thoughts if you put your fingers through a girl hair on the second dates and you felt tracks you then knew she wore a wig?|I wouldn't mention it because I don't want to make the situation awkward. If it comes up, we could probably talk about it, provided they felt comfortable.
What's the oddest logic you've ever heard?|I know this whole story sounds ridiculous but you just have to have faith.
What's the weirdest anxiety/panic attack you've ever had?|I sometimes get them for no fucking reason other than to ruin my day
Anyone live in Hawaii or Palm Springs? Seriously thinking of moving there, except I worry about jobs/careers. What do you do? What do you suggest anything for newcomers?|Palm Springs in California is an insanely hot desert community. Why would you want to move there?
Where are you reading this post from right now?|Bed
People who own the cars I see parked in a vacant lot at 2AM, what are you up to?|None of your fucking business.
What are 3 things that you think make you personally a good person?|Why would I think I'm a good person. Have you seen the shit I post? I'm a cunt.
When cooking with raw meat and eggs, how often do you wash your hands?|I absolutely hate the smell of raw meat and wash at least 3 times to get the smell off. But if I touched it and then need a seasoning, then I wash my hands before touching anything.
why do the new england patriots cheat so much?|Omg so edgy.
You’re suddenly become interested in watching a funny tv series that you’ve yet to watch. Which one do you pick based off of reviews?|I hear the Office is pretty good.
What's an interesting story you want to share that doesn't really fall under any category?|Where I live, a law requiring a five cent fee for every plastic bag was put into effect recently and I went to Target and used the self checkout as always and it asked how many plastic bags I used. I pushed zero and hit submit and an employee saw me and said “just take the bags I don’t give a shit”
"Why do the little dudes next to the askreddit on the top of this sub show ""Ass Credit"" when I put my cursor over them?"|Easter egg.
What songs make you happy?|"""I'm Still Standing"" by Elton John"
Sibling-less people of Reddit, do you feel you missed out on a part of childhood by having no siblings? Why/why not?|I have two brothers and I honestly think I would have been better off without them.
How deep can you get in his ass before it’s gay?|look if u see him naked and u got a boner u flaming boy
People who have experienced “House M.D.” style last-minute rescues...what’s your story?|Not quite the same as you’re asking but what he heck. Once I had a nosebleed, woke up in a puddle of blood. Went to urgent care, they couldn’t stop it, sent me by ambulance to the ER, went through 2 or 3 ER doctors (can’t quite remember) before they could make the bleeding stop. Still don’t know the cause.
What is a career that people obviously have to have a passion for, because the pay is so bad?|Teaching
Which one choice you really regret?|I don't regret any decision because I made the opposite decision an infinite number of times in other universes that spread out from that moment so I'm good.
What's the hardest you've ever laughed at a movie, TV show, or video?|Boy in Striped Pajamas always tickles mein funny bone.
What might be found in high school Science text books from the 90s that would now be considered wrong?|I’m sure there’d be some bullshit about being gay being a mental disorder or something, even though it’s inaccurate.  Or they’d pander to Christians and call evolution a “possibility”, or mention creationism, or something equally stupid.
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?|By Zelda rules, just hitting one.
What movies are better than the books?|Stardust and Coraline
What do you think of when you think of Alabama?|Cousin fuckers.
What’s the best prank you ever pulled off?|2016
If you could bring back a fast food menu item what would it be?|Cherry pies at McDonald's. I didn't even realize they stopped selling them until a few months ago.
What would be some of the downfalls of a meritocracy if implemented at humanity's current level of understanding and capacity for same?|We still too highly value physical output as if people are some assembly lines that merely needs to take in raw material to constantly produce the same result.
What things are surprisingly legal?|Apparently being in cahoots with Russia to destroy American democracy.
Why i cant post pictures using the reddit app..?|You can, but only certain subreddits allow pictures to be uploaded. Try uploading it to imgur then linking it in your text post.
What is the coolest field trip you went on?|I went inside this kid named Arnold to learn about the digestive system.
Those who actually enjoy getting up in the morning, what do you do for a living?|Sleep
When\Where is the most awkward place to get a boner?|Getting a boner on your face would be pretty weird.
Its nearly valentines day. What are some good roses are red etc poems?|"""Roses are red,  Violets are blue, You should come over -  I'll be player two"" 
(Or possibly 'be my player two', depending on how possessive of first player you are) 
Idk I tried"
Who is your childhood celebrity crush?|Jesse McCartney
You are going to be executed, you cannot change that, you have one final request, what do you want?|Wolverine's healing factor
What are some things most people would overlook or not consider when preparing for a zombie apocalypse?|Gasoline spoiling. Having an escape route from your impenetrable bunker.
What is your cat's most entertaining quirk?|She will climb you like a tree and sit on your shoulder like a parrot.
Elephants need adopted, so what’s the best place/site to adopt an elephant?|Orphans need adopting  I'd put a priority on them frankly
What's the worst piece of driving you've ever witnessed?|Some asshole backed up a major avenue because he was waiting to turn left without getting into the turn lane. He was waiting for the arrow to turn green but it never did for obvious reasons. People were very angry..
What breaking news would give you the greatest joy?|"Jesus has returned. 
But I probably wouldn't believe it."
What was a time that you were blamed for something you didn’t do, but we’re unable to prove your innocence?|When I was like 1 or 2 years old, my older sister bit herself on the arm and told my parents I did it.
What's the most recent subreddit you subscribed to?|How do you check that? I pick up a few subs a week, no idea what was the most recent.
What is a catchy song you like from a band you absolutely hate?|milky chance - stolen dance
What was your first Gaming System?|Commodore 64.
Why are you religious (or not)?|I'm not because there's no compelling evidence or argument for the existence of God.
Busy people of Reddit, how do you fit exercise into your daily routine?|It’s not that hard to fit an hour into your day.
Americans, how many of the last 10 Presidents can you name?|Trump Obama Bush Clinton Bush  Reagan Carter Ford Nixon Johnson Kennedy Eisenhower Truman Roosevelt Hoover...
atheist and non-believers of reddit, whats the weirdest thing you've seen that has no scientific explanation whatsoever?|The process behind seeing and being aware of anything at all. We still have not figured out how we are conscious in the first place and why life would need that adaptation.
What’s the most annoying thing your parent(s) does/do?|Misgender me mostly
What are some countries that there’s never been a successful pop song about?|Wrong answer: Cambodia (Kim Wilde 1983)
Which rapper is the worst human being?|Xxxtentacion
What's your favorite subreddit that is under the radar?|r/thecasualplates
"Domino's Pizza drivers that worked during the period where they were doing the ""30 mins or it's free"" marketing push, how did you make it out alive?"|Dunno but if that was really enforced id wait til it rained or snowed and crashed my car on a busy day and sued them.
What are some upbeat songs with sad lyrics?|Third Eye Blind - Semi Charmed Life
Teachers of Reddit- What do you do to be cool?|"I could make a long list.  But honestly the best thing is just to do something really weird, innocent, fun that nobody would ever expect. * Pretend to be a brain-eating zombie on Halloween.   * With an unzipped coat or hoodie, put your hands in your pockets and flap your ""wings"" while yelling, ""Do you ever feel like a pterodactyl?""   * Share your most embarrassing stories.  It humanizes you, as someone with authority, and people are apt to listen to personal experiences more than drab facts.  * Very seriously ask them what the funniest thing you can do *right now* is?  Then, when they are silent, give them the cheesiest, biggest smile they've ever seen, for several seconds.  The ones who don't laugh will give you trouble through the whole class."
what artist/band changed your life with their creativity ?|"My Bloody Valentine - ""those are guitars? You can make guitars do that?!"""
How many hours of sleep do you get per night and what do you do for a living (and how many hour of sleep do you need)?|Get 4-5. I’m a mechanical engineer. Probably need 8
Dual linguists of reddit, how easy is it to be sassy/sarcastic in your language other than English?|"My native language is Tamil. Tamil has it beat when it comes to sarcasm, puns, or caustic remarks. Swearing sounds like an art form in Tamil. Even if I was on the receiving end, if the abuser was particularly evocative, explicit in their expression, I'd have to give them a thumbs for their artistry and say ""Oh, that was a good one!""."
Americans who moved out of the country with the intention of staying elsewhere, yet ended up going back to america, why did you go back?|Wanted to see my grandmother before she died. Moved into her house after she passed away. Then met my SO who lived and worked in the US. So I stayed.
How often are you on the prowl to be alone?|Say what now?
"When was the most recent occasion where you, as a fully grown adult, thought ""I'm not experienced enough to be doing this right now""?"|Everything, all the time.
What subreddit is far worse than people say/think it is?|r/askreddit
What is the most beautiful, or impressive building near you?|The mine shaft.
How you met your SO? How you got together?|Coffee Shop. We got together Like rama lama lama ka dinga da dinga dong
What would you consider the most private place in the average household?|The vajayjay
Why do you hate Trump?|Probably would benefit from a serious tag here. Probably should ask a serious question also.
What is the most advanced A.I. program ?|Humanity.
If there were a redneck transformer what would it's name be?|Scooter
What are some tips and tricks to help my lovable but lazy SO clean up after themselves?|Oh honey.
You are part of a noble house in Westeros, what is your house motto?|"House Purell. 
Ya'll nasty"
Members of sports teams, what's the scariest/worst injury you've experienced/witnessed?|Paper cut. I'm on the Cleveland Steamers paper football team.
What's the most exciting/weird/surprising thing that has happened during a class or lecture at school?|A man in a guy fawkes mask walked in during a lecture in a huge lecture auditorium. My heart sank into my stomach and I was so sure he was gonna pull out a gun or something. Instead, he yelled a bunch of stuff that I can’t even remember, then ran back out the door. It was terrifying.
You've only got a few hours hours left to live. You've spent time with all your loved ones and said your goodbyes. Before you go, you decide to leave behind a list of your five most meaningful moments of your life. What are they?|The day each of my children were born, and first time I saw nitro on american gladiator.  And I'm counting that last one twice.
Gamblers of Reddit. What is a bet that changed your life?|The time I decided to fuck without a condom when I was 18, risky business I tellsya and it definitely didn't pay off!
"What's your favorite ""So Bad, It's Good"" movie?"|Is the warriors bad?  Because if it is, that!
People who work for retailers with generous return policies: what's the worst abuse of that policy you've ever encountered?|On Costco's reddit recently, someone posted about a lady trying to return a Christmas tree day after Christmas.
What is your theory on deja Vu?|Computers hickup.  It's just a hickup and that's how we perceive it.
How did you find your girlfriend?|She’s still missing.
people of reddit who ride the bus regularly, what do you think of portrayals of people who ride buses on sitcoms?|Nobody talks to stranger on the bus.  You look at your phone and you keep to yourself.
Considering One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do, how bad is Two?|Two is just as bad as one
Reddit, How did you overcome Erectile Dysfunction?|Watch trans porn.
How many days can you remember that you've gone without sleep?|One. And it was because of drugs.
What's the saddest thing someone has said to you in the last year?|“She’s worth more than you”
Do you believe in natural medicine? Why?|"If natural medicine works it’s just medicine. Opiates are made from poppies, aspirin originally came from willow bark, insulin was taken from animals.  
If something is called “natural medicine” it probably means it can’t stand up to scientific scrutiny."
If DONALD TRUMP was on Reddit, what subreddit would be subscribe too?|Probably just all the porn ones.
What's the most disgusting thing you've eaten?|Mine: grew up poor, didn't have money for gum, candy etc. when I was a kid.    During lunch break at school, I would secretly search the gravel field for discarded gum, clean off the bits of rock and dirt, and pop it in my mouth.   Second place would be oven-baked locusts in Mexico City.  Heads, legs and antennas still on.  Stuck it in a burrito and chewed as quickly as possible.  Too crunchy to enjoy.
Where did you meet your SO and/or what did you say?|"At school. ""Hey."""
What is the worst way you ever fucked up in school?|Got a B+
In World War II, why didn't they just mount an auto-targeting turret on the monoplane fighters?|The same reason FDR didn't email Winston Churchill
What are some words that are absolute?|absolute
Have you met someone whose happiness makes you happy?|My fiancé, without a doubt. She means everything to me.
People who cannnot move on and let it go, why can 't you?|I'm an emotionally inept asshole.
What's the most unusual Name you have heard ?|I knew a guy named Satchel. It suited him well.
High School couples who are still together, what's it like?|It’s like high school, but older.  Crazy, I know.
What goes inside the perfect sandwich?|Mustard and pickles.
What is your next goal? What is a goal you have set for yourself that you are determined to achieve?|Sobriety.
Those of you who are doing what you love, what did you have to do to find your calling?|I had to take a calculated risk and go back to school.
Take a serious word, change one letter, how funny can you make it?|Courage maybe Cow-rage. An upset cow going off at another cow.
What's something nice you can say about someone or something you dislike?|Persona 5 was really compelling in certain parts of the game
What feeling surpasses finding the star on the tootsie pop wrapper?|"Does anyone honor the ""get one free"" when you find it anymore?"
How has your pet’s nickname evolved over the years?|Oscar -> Osco -> buttface
You find master tapes of a previously unknown unreleased Beatles album. What do you do?|Ask for a hefty finder's fee.
What do you do when you feel disconnected from people?|Try and call them back and if their phone still isn't working and its important I'll try and email them
What is the dumbest way you've seen someone get caught trying to cheat?|On an exam or in a relationship?
What is the most honest thing an employee has said to you?|Just before I flew out to Asia 2 weeks ago, I wanted to buy a new electric shaver. So standing in front Braun and Phillips, both around 250 Euro, the sales lady pointed me to the test winner Panasonic for only 70 Euro :) I like her!
What did you do that took most nerve out of you?|Approached my favorite celebrity
Which celebrity would you leave your significant other for if you actually had a real shot with them?|"No SO, but Rosario Dawson   
[Especially her character from Clerks II]"
Doctors and medical professionals of reddit, what are the little things in the field of medicine that make your day?|Getting women on the scale. Everyone hates the scale
How do you organize your time in college to balance a relationship, time with friends, and studying/homework?|If I could go back I'd choose study and homework. Education before all. Its what'll help you in the future, as friends may not always be able to.
What is the worst movie that you've ever seen?|The first hulk. Absolute garbage.
What jobs can’t/won’t be replaced by AI?|Only thing i could think of is law enforcement. Besides that, any computer or machine could easily be operated remotely.
Drug users of Reddit, what is you best/worst high story?|I once told a group of my former step-siblings how much everyone wanted to eat out my step-brothers girlfriend.
What is your embarrassing, random, 3am thought?|I'll let you know at 3 AM.
What always ends up being ridiculously awkward?|Singing to people on their birthdays
What's the Worst Thing About Reddit?|me
What is / was your first car, and what is the best story you have of it?|First car i bought myself was a 2006 dodge charger.  I fucked my ex in the front seat of it.
What is one 'special move' you have in the bed that is your go-to? (Nsfw)|Back massage (8-10 min) It works wonders.  Every time.
People who came from nothing and ended up rich and successful, how did you do it?|The work ethic is what drives us immigrants. Hard work pays off. No such thing as overnight success. In the end it's worth it.
What makes the Reddit community different from other social media platforms?|Intellect
What successful show has the least marketing?|Atlanta
Which subreddit user base has the worst sense of humor?|TD
What’s the best way to catch a girlfriend?|You know how to sling a bolo? Aim for the legs, and she'll drop and tumble.
Have you ever had pity sex, how did it go?|I never gave pity sex but got a ton if it...it's grrreat
If you were told you only had 24 hours to live, what would you do and with who?|I would burn down all the high end speculative real estate in my area.
What celebrity/famous person or professional athlete do you find extremely attractive?|Demi lovato
What fictional universe would you like the world to be like?|The Wizarding World of Harry Potter
"People that comment ""take my upvote,"" why?"|Cause they don't want to upvote initially but but they have no choice because the post/comment is too good to not upvote.
Your father in alternative reality is a Rapper, what is his rap name?|Cool Whip— you know, like the frosting.
What’s a YouTube rabbit hole that most people haven’t heard of but you believe most will love?|Top 15 Burger King foot lettuce
Which belief system has the scariest version of hell?|Not necessarily a belief system, but Dante's depiction of hell was pretty fucked up.
Have you witnessed someone dying not of natural causes? What happened?|yes. friend in Iraq. IED
What is a good gift to give to your guy friend for valentine's day?|A HJ
what is it that you miss about your Teenage life that you wouldn't mind having an opportunity to do again?|Underage drinking and sex
What's it like being rich/growing up rich?|whats your definition of rich?
What misconception do people usually have about you?|They think I'm an idiot, since I can't vocalize my thoughts.
What threat would be worse than death?|Let's not talk about that.
How wasted would you be if you watched “Top Gun” and drank every time something on screen was completely wrong from how it would actually work?|[passes out with half-full drink in hand]
Who's an average-looking, even unattractive, celebrity that people think are good-looking?|Johnny Depp, for sure. Never found him attractive, even in his young days.
Tattoo-ed people of reddit; do you love or regret your tattoos? And why did you get them in the first place?|"I love mine, and I already have two more in planning.  
I got my pride dots to show pride in who I am, and my Jason tat cause I love horror movies."
Who would be the best actor to play every role in a movie? The worst?|Robin Williams
From all the jobs you did, what is your favorite one?|children's play therapist
If there were no repercussions what's one thing you'd do?|be naked in public
Why doesn’t Dunkin’ Donuts sell hamburgers with donut buns?|Holy shit! You should call them right now!
How do you work upon your work ethic?|that all sounds like too much work
What still embarrasses you even though no one probably knows?|Eat a tide pod.  Edit: I think I posted this on the wrong thread. Sorry about that. Don’t eat a tide pod.
What would be the title of your first song?|Untitled
Pianists of Reddit, how long did it take you to learn the piano?|piano: easy to learn, hard to master.  You can probably get decent in 1-2 yrs. but it can take a decade or more to do the crazy stuff.
People who have been DOXed: What happened?|I got doxed by my friend since he claimed to be able to get all my info. He found out just about every single thing about me with nothing but a username. He even got a picture of my house.  The scary thing was, he claimed someone had a file on me which helped expedite everything. Apperently it was someone from Taiwan, but it definitely scared the hell out of me.
What’s the best gift you’ve ever given someone?|the gift of giving nothing and thus expecting nothing in return..
Reddit, how do you win the game of life?|Have the most money at the end of the game.
What is your creepy kid story from high school?|His name is Neil. Typical nerdy kid super skinny with extremely thick glasses. Weird shorts, preppy shirts etc. He comments on every girl’s picture on Facebook that he went to hs with. It’s usually super cringeworthy like “hey you look gorgeous :)” or “beautiful pic :)” it wouldn’t be as creepy if it was just one a couple girls photos but he literally does this to almost every girl he went to school with. Bless his heart.
What movie character is your (secret) crush?|BTW: Mine’s probably Cher from Clueless
What is your worst food experience?|My mother’s cooking. I love her to death but she adds a shit ton of weird ingredients to dishes that are absolutely disgusting.
Hey Reddit. What’s got you down?|Men
What are the best instances of fans correctly guessing major plot elements (movies, tv shows, video games, etc.) during production?|Bonus points if they lead to said plot elements being changed!
What did you spend all your pocket money on when you were a kid?|POGs
What’s the best thing about your pet(s)?|They're in pet heaven.
Martial artists of reddit, how was your first real street fight?|Everybody was kung fu fighting. It sounds lame but trust me, those cats were fast as lightning.
What are best songs or playlists that you ever heard and still makes your feet thump?|Zelda music, it is so epic and nostalgic.
What weren't you before that you are now and why?|A Redditor
Colourblind people of Reddit, what were you doing when you discovered you were colourblind?|I want black & white vision
Reddit, you could be one character in any show/movie, what character would you be?|Pistachio Disguisey
What’s something unconventional that you do as part of your daily routine?|On my way out of the door I grab my handgun and holster to put into my car.
what is Brain-Computer Interface?|Neat.
As a parent, what decision have you made that prioritized your own happiness over your children's?|Their schooling- means I have to work more; but that is totally worth it.
What's the next step after the Spacex mission?|The SpaceY mission.
Brushing your teeth, flossing, and using mouthwash. What order and why?|Floss, brush, mouthwash First two don't really matter, but mouthwash is an anti-septic. Best to use that at the end.
What do you think is an appropriate time span to wait for the person you love to love you back, if any at all?|(n-7)/2
What is the best cover of a song you've ever heard?|The way she stretches her voice dear god! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=m3lF2qEA2cw
What would legally happen to me if I were to have killed one of the FBI's most wanted?|Depends on context and state laws. If it was self defense, depends on state laws. If it was vigilante justice, you'll probably get a manslaughter charge unless you hunted him down.
Taxi drivers/Uber drivers of reddit, what memory do you have from crazy people you have driven?|Ever seen a Fake Taxi video?
"Reddit, my friend has been getting texts from a ""stalker"". This person will not reveal who they are on give any hints. The number comes up as a landline on google. What are some ways we can try to find out who this person is?"|Police.
What is a good music player for Android that a person can use offline?|black player
Reddit, what are some ways to have fun when you are broke and exhausted?|I really enjoy sleeping, napping, and lounging or laying in bed and reading.
Which day of the week is your favorite?|Thursday or Saturday. Thursday is always fun because I spend the whole day looking forward to Friday, whereas Friday is just a letdown where I got nothing done because my productivity is shot at the end of the week.  Saturday is usually spent sitting around watching college sports from noon to midnight before getting shit done on Sunday, so that one has to be near the top of the list as well.
How do you know you’re in the good old days before you leave them?|"Pretty much you are right now.  Life continues to get harder so we always
It's look back fondly. Or as the saying goes ""the only easy day was yesterday""."
what are some things you do that can drastically change your mood for the better?|Exercise
What are your thoughts on incest?|Just say no
What is the biggest mistake you think men and women make respectively when looking for a life partner?|Too much focus and attention on factors that are impermanent (money, career, looks, material possessions) and too little attention on things that don't change at all (attitude, kindness, love, attention, commitment, ambition, laziness, caring).
Which would you choose? Normal job and boredom or dreams and insecurity?|A normal job. I work to live, I don't live to work. I got a job to finance my actual life.
What doesn’t go together?|Me and happiness apparently
What are your thoughts about President Trump's administration up until now?|A cruel joke
Very thin people, what is life like?|Imagine a restroom logo for guys, thats basically my body
If you could choose, how would you die?|Cara Delevigne sitting on my face smothering me to death while jerking me off to the point of agony  Or Taylor Swift putting a high heel on my forehead and ordering me to kill myself
If you had a cherry red Tesla roadster, what is the craziest thing you would do with it?|Send it into Uranus.
What should be said by the first person to step onto the planet Uranus?|where would you even step on? its all gas
What's a sub that you wish was still active?|R/bananapeelforscale
What information on self-improvement have you heard that has helped you the most?|Don’t be a dick.
What do you eat for breakfast on a good day?|vagina ;)
Truck drivers, what are those spikey lug-nut things on your wheels for?|It's a bolt cap that goes over the top of the bolt to keep out grime. You can get ones that lock and require special tools to disassemble. The spikes are cosmetic and made of plastic. In a collision they basically disintegrate
Why is calling an African-American person Black offensive and even racist, but calling a Caucasian person White 100% OK?|who says it's offensive?
It is suddenly announced that tomorrow, all fast food restaurants will shut down. What’s the first thing you do?|go about my normal day. Do not really get fast food very often at all. probably not the answer you are looking for but it is mine.
What is the sexiest halloween costume?|my mother
What’s the strangest way a person has died?|Spontaneous combustion.
What are some of the weirdest things you saw in public transport?|Junkie spilled some Fanta on himself. Strips down to his underwear in front of a horrified family and hangs his clothes out the window of the tram to dry them.Another tram passes and catches his billowing trousers out of his grip.Junkie is now left with just a wet top, jocks and half a bottle of Fanta.
What's the best comeback you've ever had?|Does Mario Kart count?
What's the most infuriating thing a boss has ever said to you?|Got hired at a Burger King a month ago and my manager calls me Mr. Jake like im below everybody. He also made fun of me for walking in with a banana
What is it about Reddit that makes you happy?|Dopamine.  Oh god.
Why are we here, honestly?|I am drunk and like to talk to people when drunk. Can not find myself to do it while sober so here I am.
Who are the top 3 (in order) greatest Metal guitarists of all time?|Slash Gene Simmons Kirk Hammett
What are the problems of having a best friend of the opposite gender?|Problems I want.
How would you describe what your mental illness feels like?|Can’t make up my mind and commit to nothing. I don’t understand what my skills or passions are. That leads me into questioning my whole life and living in a constant state of fear an anxiousness. Some days are better than others 👍🏼
What was the most disturbing dream you’ve ever had?|The one I’m still waiting to wake up from.
Do you like anti depression song when you are in depression? What are your anti depression songs?|see you again
Why do students in film classes/school tend to be pretentious despite having no unique qualities or outstanding talent?|Same with poetry classes. It's terrible.
What film or tv show that you've seen has depicted reality the most accurately?|Planet Earth
You are able to go back to any time and location for TEN seconds only. Where / when do you visit, and what action do you take to cause maximum trollage?|The true troll is timeless.
Guys in a relationship from Reddit, do you guys actually care what you get for Valentine’s? If you do, what would you like to get as a gift from your significant other?|A real girlfriend ...
What's the most inappropriate thing you've done in public and did you get away with it?|I had sex in Central Park one night. I would say I got away with it but I think a homeless guy was watching for part of it so I don’t know that counts.
For those of you that have lived on the same street/know someone who has lived by a high profile celebrity, had their presence in the neighborhood been a negative thing?|Wouldn't call him high profile, but my friend's dad is a decently successful actor. Didn't really change much, besides being an interesting pick-up line or conversation starter
When waking up with exciting ideas that you can't stop thinking about, have you found a way to get those out of your head and get back to sleep?|Keep a pad next to your bed and write it down, likely one of the better ways to both keep the idea and go back to sleep
What was the creepiest/wierdest comment you've seen on a post?|https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7w2yio/what_was_the_creepiestwierdest_comment_youve_seen
If IQ 100 is average, What was average 300 years ago, what what is average now, and what could be average 100 years from now, what are our own expectations for our people and children?|IQ test distributions are re-normed every few years to account for this phenomenon known as the Flynn Effect, so the average IQ will pretty much always be 100.
What’s an adult problem that you weren’t prepared for?|Turns out taxes are confusing as Fuck
Americans, At what age did you take your learners permit?|16
What is the funniest subreddit?|r/comedycemetery
What was your favorite food as a kid?|dog biscuit
What is your advice for someone battling chronic depression?|Cheer up.
What's the most elaborate way you've cheated on an exam?|Me? Texting my friends the answers... However, I have heard of people using codes for ABCD answers. For example, cough = A, nose itch = B, head scratch = C, etc
Reddit, what is the most obscure reference you can come up with?|My av picture on another board is a picture of Cholera. Nobody knows that though since she plays a somewhat minor part in an obscure movie - Greaser's Palace.
What's your go-to word when playing Hangman?|Xenophobic.
What is something that most people did't realize you were doing wrong?|I don't think people pay enough attention to me to know if I was doing something let alone doing it wrong.
What stuff do you do everyday to be more environmentally conscious?|Look at a tree right before smashing an empty Coors bottle against it.
You are a burglar, but instead of stealing things you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What do you do?|put their toilet paper on the wrong way
What are things that you can do but shouldn’t?|"* Kill
* Steal
* Rape To name the most agreeable ones"
What are you completely dense about?|being at peace
What is the most significant upgrade you've experienced?|Puberty.
How did you stop telling your entire life on social media?|by not doing that
What would be the first movie you would show to people from 2,000 years ago?|Buster Keaton doing stuff with trains.
What is your opinion about a Bachelor in Hospitality and Tourism? Is it worth it?|Not exactly the ideal imo but not terrible either. I think the main appeals are working with people and travelling. However, and i could be wrong, but i dont think you will actually be travelling much payscale.com/research/US/Degree=Bachelor_of_Science_(BS_%2F_BSc)%2C_Hospitality_%26_Tourism/Salary
What corporate politics strategic move did you make that paid off amazingly?|Never had kids. Left me wide open to move up the ladder.
"What does it mean when someone says ""don't come crying to me when you get sick""?"|Don’t complain if you voluntarily refuse to take precautions to prevent illness
What's the Sweetest Thing You've Ever Seen a Kid Do?|get diabetes
What TV shows deserve more credit than they get?|Buffy The Vampire Slayer That show was a trailblazer.
People who believe in Bigfoot or other mysterious creatures, what convinced you?|Supposedly, there's a secret nature reserve on Prince Rupert Island.
Wordpress.com or Weebly? Which do you prefer if you’ve used both?|I use weebly. I find it's super easy to navigate and the themes are amazing. Everything is super self explanatory :)
What did you do/would you do if you met your favorite celebrity?|I would probably die a little inside knowing this thing is real.  What that means for my people, might be good; or bad.
What are some classic pc games that were successfully ported to mobile devices?|Tetris
What's a joke that will actually make someone laugh?|What's brown and sticky?    A stick.
How annoying is that little chat symbol on Reddit?|You're the one who brought it up.
In light of the new rules update, when have you involuntarily seen someone's private parts?|I went to a nursing home and ended up being flashed by a man with dementia... who then started to master bate in common area. Staff took control of the situation pretty quickly and removed him from the area... apparently he did that a lot
What are some of the most romantic love songs about girls?|Tony Bennett- The way you look tonight
"What are some things that make you say ""that Bullshit"" ?"|when my wife ask me to do anything
What is the most ridiculous thing a customer has ever said to you?|"""See— This— is why we go to college, son."""
Why do we get ear wax and nose boogers instead of nose wax and ear boogers?|I feel like id rather have nose wax than boogers but i cant imagine how obnoxious ear boogers would be
People who felt trapped, how did you get free?|Jurisdictional differences.  Loving kindness.
which is better, an apology or a thank you?|Thank you
In 40 years what will people be nostalgic for?|Your smart phone having the capacity to turn off/die.
What is something you wouldn't do unless you were desperate?|Call my ex
What is your opinion about Bachelor of Business Administration and is it worth it?|It’s not super specific but it’s a good degree. You’d be better off specializing, majoring in marketing, accounting, finance, etc though.
Hey Reddit, what’s the most horrific/disgusting thing you’ve ever seen?|When I was 3 a man was murdered by a car bomb and at time I was looking out of my window and witnessed it. They reckon it was a part of the mob wars going on at the time but they never found out who killed him.
What is the worst case of bad parenting you have ever seen?|When I was a teenager, I got kicked out of my house for being a disobedient, rebellious asshole. Anyway, I called a friend who told me about a place I could spend the night and he said he was there already and to meet him at the address. I go. In this house, there are about 5 kids. 2 toddlers, a 10 year old, a 12 year old and a 16 year old... plus my friend and a few people from the area. The mother of the 5 kids fixed us up something to drink (alcohol.. we are technically underage) and then starts rolling blunts. She allowed the 12 year old to get high.. I couldn’t. Long story short, I went home and asked my parents to give me another shot. Then I told another friend about the situation at that house I visited.. she wanted to see it for herself.. so we went again, I didn’t notice how filthy the place was.. roaches in daylight and very dirty floors and walls. My friend ended up placing a complaint... not sure with who, but in about a month the lady’s parents had taken the kids from her... and she left the neighborhood
What's the best way to cook an egg?|Scrambled is best
Hello Reddit, when was a time that you or someone you know tried their best but still failed?|Can this apply to your everyday life?
Whats your party party trick?|Opening a Beer with my teeth usually gets some reactions.
What series are you currently obsessed to?|Reddit it's like never ending
Reddit Users, What the Worst Adult Temper Tantrum you've seen in Public?|My dad started screaming very loud at a subway worker and stomping the ground for literally just picking up a snickerdoodle cookie when my dad asked for a chocolate chip one. I was so embarrassed, I heard other people in the subway talking about my dad being a fucking asshole and I thought they hated me too. Looking back I'm sure they just felt bad for me!
What was the first occasion/situation when instead of your parents paying for you... you paid for them?|Chinese food. My husband (boyfriend at the time) and I were 22. We tried to cook it and failed miserably, so we ended up bringing them to a buffet down the road.
What is your favorite movie plot?|Lock stock and two smoking barrels has an insanely funny and clever plot.
Whats the thing you did as a child that you wish you could do again as an adult?|"Have fast metabolism and bones of steel! Lol  
I used to eat so much and gain no weight. I could jump from up high, if I try that now my knees hurt crazy. And I'm only in my early twenties so it's going to get worse :("
Aggressive drivers of Reddit, why do you intentionally speed up when you see someone trying to merge into your lane? Why not let them in?|Because I have the need for speed 😎
How do you raise a kid in this day and age without them turning into a cunt?|why don't you ask the parents of people you respect
What's the nicest thing a stranger has ever done for you?|Met a girl who two hours later sucked my dick
What gets scarier the older you get?|Driving at night.  My vision is fine.  I see everything but for some reason it's scarier out on the freeway with the other cars and big semis at night.
What is your favorite 80s pop song?|https://youtu.be/FTQbiNvZqaY
What are some good small talk topics for the guy in the stall next to you?|Nothing. It's inconsiderate to those with shy bladders and/or shy bowels.  Personally, if someone talks to me in the stall I ignore them. They usually get the hint.
What was your all-time most cringe worthy moment?|Taking a shit in class and sitting in it for 30 minutes before somebody pointed out the smell
What's one missing feature on any piece of technology that is so obvious and wouldn't require much extra work, yet isn't there?|If we knew, we wouldn't tell you, we'd get rich.
What is a common misconception that you wish everyone would stop believing?|"Challenging (or dismissing) the Theory of Evolution by saying ""it's just a theory"" ... There's a difference between the definition of ""theory"" that you know, the definition that you're using to discredit it, and the scientific definition that defines it"
What movie/series character is your (secret) crush?|Hotchner and Reid from Criminal Minds. Dr. Bashir from Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. Margene from Big Love.
Which phrase would you use to describe humanity?|"In my case I love ""history repeats itself"""
What would you touch with a ten foot pole?|A ten foot ten foot pole case
Where is the best place to take a date?|Mini golf is fun.
People in the food industry, what’s the craziest thing that has happened in the kitchen?|Guy passed out while making french fries cause he was doped up out of his mind.
What’s the one question you end up asking yourself on a sleepless night?|Why can't I sleep?
How do you help a guy with his mission in life as gf?|Most of the time for me it’s small things like wishing me good luck on my training or at competitions and stuff. Other than that just being supportive and trying at least a little to understand whatever it is he does
Do you ever think about life after death? Like what will happen to your soul after you die?|I'm trying to figure out myself. Message me, we can try to figure out if there even is such a thing as a soul.
Whats something that you've lost that you really took for granted? (Serious or non-serious)|Childhood memories. I do not remember anything from my childhood. Even though they showed me some pictures. dang
What is the best movie trailer you've ever seen?|Deadpool
Redditors who grew up with their fathers, how are you doing now?|He left out to go buy a pack of cigarettes...
Catholics of Reddit, what are you giving up for Lent this year?|Jesus
If W had a unique name like all the other letters (z = zed/zee), what would it be?|I think something like wee or wah, but I'm like [7], so I don't know.
What’s the worst thing that’s happened when you asked someone out?|She said yes.
What’s something that’s actually not as bad as the general public is led to believe it is?|Star Wars Battlefront 2 (2017)
Would-be fathers of reddit, what's the best way your partner could tell you she's pregnant (when you've been trying)?|Well Jim, since you were having so much trouble trying to get me pregnant, I got some help from your dad.
What is your go to karaoke song?|Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants to Rule the World
Why are our world community falling apart?|We’re living in the age of individualism.
What subreddit did you unsubscribe to and why?|Mainly I just unsub because they no longer are relevant for my interests or focuses. I can't remember them off the top of my head, though.
How do you deal when you find out the girl/guy that you're really interested in is dating someone else?|I move on.
What is your best life advice?|Don't make any serious decisions without masturbating first
What your Favorite Cartoon?|Futurama
What is the meaning of life?|getting Food, Water, Shelter...Tech
What would you you tell your past self to invest in?|Myself
Parents of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing that your children have ever said/done?|"My son. Dad I’m gay. 
I want to fuck you hard in the sink."
Reddit, why do you get offended?|Because the internet has shit taste in Video Games
What does it mean when a guy helps you put your coat on?|it means that you suck at putting coats on and the guy felt bad so he helped your uncoordinated ass
When did you last yell at someone that you didn't know and what for??|I yelled at myself for suffering so much.
"Why do Canadians like ""The Office"" TV series so much?"|It was really well written and funny
What was the nicest thing you put your eyeballs on today?|You <3
What current trends do you think will still be around 5 years from now?|Vaping.
People of Reddit, what is the most brilliant cheating techniques you have ever witnessed at school and college?|Karmawhore
What's the closest real life equivalent to a magic potion?|Alcohol
Suggest me some good TV shows that you don't need to watch in order?|Black Mirror
What did you impulse buy that turned out to be better than expected?|Apple Music. I didn’t think it would be that great since I digitally buy all my music and have it downloaded it anyway. But when the time should arise when I want to listen to a bunch of random things that I never intend on buying, it really benefits.
What is something that you have no control over yet get blamed for often?|my kids
What is the most genious way to remarry your ex wife ?|I wouldn't recommend trying to impress her by winning a spelling bee.
Have you ever had someone obsess over you? What obvious cues did they give away?|He followed me home. I was really creeped out.
Jim Carrey seems like he is going through a very rough patch. How can he/we save him from self-destruction?|Why do you think he's going through a rough patch?
Successful college dropouts of reddit, how did you do it?|I worked hard from age 14 and got a lot of managerial work experience in my 20s and eventually found a decent paying career in property maintenance and management.
Redditors who never get sick, what is your secret?|Drink water, eat right and get vaccinated.
Reddit, what is the longest amount of time you've kept your pet goldfish alive?|Maybe around 10 years.
People who work in psychiatrict hospitals, what are your favorite parts of the job and would you have any other career if you can?|whoops mispelled psychiatric
What would be the opening scene of your biopic?|Drinking ayahuasca, I lived through 40 years of my father’s alcoholism while only being 28, I saw reasons that I do things that I do, and I also saw what I have the potential to do with myself. Life changing is an understatement when it comes to that experience. I’ve been 100 percent more comfortable and motivated since the day I drank that shit.
What assumptions are behind political disagreements?|thoughts are more important than being.
Are children all pedophilia since children get sexually attracted to their peers? Why or why not?|How much did you smoke?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve gotten in trouble for at school?|Probably breathing
What do you think is the most important thing to learn in school?|How to learn. Not really what you learn granted can be really important but how to learn things for yourself.
What bands would have been huge if they released their albums a few years later?|We'll never know because they never made it big.
What’s the best type of cheese?|Gouda
Apparently our birthmarks are signs of how we died in the past life. What birthmarks do you have and what story can you link to it?|Apparently? Where did you hear this bullshit?
Collectors of Reddit, what's do you collect and why?|Money. Because some day, I actually want to retire.
What is your favorite subreddit?|/r/AskOuija
What’s an annoying thing your friend does that you wish they would stop doing?|Lick my balls. It's exhausting
What's the craziest thing you've ever seen somebody believe in?|Astrology. Because it's totally reasonable that the alignment of objects many millions of miles away could influence your personality.
Those in sexless relationships, why do you stay and how has it affected your life? Do you plan on ever leaving or do you think your situation will improve?|I personally wouldn't mind a sexless relationship!
what is the longest religious war?|Sunni Muslims and Shiite Muslims?
What is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?|Call me Tony Montana!
What's the most interesting project that you have ever worked in?|If both twin towers were hit at the exact same time, which one would fall first.
What’s the best Harry Potter line?|You’re a wizard, Harry.
What looks nice but doesn't smell nice?|wet dogs
Reddit, if you were an NPC in a Pokemon game, what sentence would you say before every battle?|there can be only one
People who eat spicy food, how do you handle the spice?|Easily
What are some non-so-obvious differences between good and bad drivers?|Nervousness
For former drug addicts and users. What was the worst thing you did in order to support your drug habit?|Your Mom. Bam, you asked for it
Which Desserts made from your Mom, is your favorite?|her pussy is as sweet as ever
What’s invisible but you wish people could see?|farts
What do you do when you need your faith in humanity restored?|I put in Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter (1984) and watch the part where Jason does a face slide down a machete over and over until I feel better.
What’s something that nobody gives enough credit to?|Fathers.
"Steve Jobs' last words were ""Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow"" ...What was going on in his mind during this last moment of his life?"|Wasn't he saying it because he saw that his maid or housekeeper was using a Windows phone, or something like that?
You’re a burglar, but instead of stealing things, you do stuff to mildly inconvenience your victims. What’s your crime?|Turn the light off in the fridge
What is the weirdest thing you have seen a teacher do?|She gave me blowjob in library
What do you do on your night shift to pass the time?|Work
Hey Reddit! What is the most stupid thing you have done?|this...
What small things can improve your life?|A good mattress and pillow to improve your sleep. Drinking more water each day.
How do you generate more traffic to your website?|Visit your site. Reset router. Visit your site. Keep going.
What’s the strangest thing you’ve heard someone say or do while they were sleeping?|My dad just started yelling loudly. Just deep screams, no words were said. I thought he was being possessed
"Contractors of Reddit, what's the most exclusive ""not for public eyes"" place you've worked at?"|Water treatment plant.  Its literally recycled shit water we drink.  Granted its safe, but just seeing it as sewage transformed into drinking water is kinda weird.
What song would you want to be played at your funeral?|it's raining men
What are some things that are taught to one gender but not the other, that should really be taught to both?|Respect, safety, and to never let anyone take advantage of them
What is the dumbest attempt at cheating during a test that you’ve witnessed?|Being salty even though this happened years ago. Girl cheated off me on a test. Had same exact answers. Teacher gave us both failing grades because he didn't know who cheated off who. I punched her in the face and got suspended for 2 days. My parents fought to get me a second chance. Teacher gave us a different test on different days I got a 99% she failed. Wound up with a C on that test (because teacher still thought i gave her answers) which dropped my grade from A to B and ruined my perfect GPA
Why did you break up with the last person you were dating?|Life pulled us apart due to jobs in different geographic regions
What is something you can say on a first date to ensure you never get a second one?|I love you
Parents of gay children, how do you handle your kids starting to date?|my parents were happy because i would actually leave the house
What is not said enough?|I love you
"What's the most effort you've seen someone go through to ""Cheat the system""?"|When I was young me and my friends used to glue two pennies together and spray them gold and use them as £1 coin.
What is the most romantic/sweet thing your SO has said to you?|you have a nice looking dick
What are some tips to become better at Peek-a-boo?|Don't reappear
Apparently Richard Pryor and Marlon Brando Had Sex, Pryor's Widow Confirmed. Who Do You Think Was the Top and Who Was the Bottom?|its possible that they 69'ed as they were doing cartwheels
What is your favorite word and why?|"Mine is ""cunt"""
A gunman enters your home and gives you 30 seconds to decide who he shoots (human or animal). If you decide in time he shoots only that individual. If you don't, he kills everyone except you. What do you do?|himself
Would you give your coworkers ways of connecting to you (i.e. Steam, Twitter, etc.)? If not, why?|I have a shitload of coworkers on facebook, which is kind of annoying
Students of Reddit, what is the current drama going on at your school?|"my university lost its shit over a ""racist"" snapchat"
Why do you do things you know you shouldn't do?|For funsies.
What song feels like a rainy day?|Morphine you look like rain Getz Gilberto bim bom
What's the dumbest counter to an argument you've ever heard?|"""Because I said so"". No!!! That's not how it works!!!!"
What has become a reality you never expected to see in your lifetime?|Well there is a car just floating around in space with a mannequin at the wheel. I don't think in my wildest dreams I thought someone would do that
What are some of your favorite apps on your phone?|Reddit official app
How did it make you feel when you felt so much for someone and they didn’t feel a thing for you?|Tell a story if you wish.
Why is Yoda the only character in Star Wars that looks and behaves like him?|No.  There is another. Yaddle is the same species of as Yoda.  As far as more information about their species, Lucas intended it to be mysterious.
"What was the best ""self improvement"" style book you've read?"|"How to Win Friends and Influence People
 -Dale Carnegie"
How did you get your boss fired?|"Was the assistant to the editor of a small newspaper. She was not very good at her job. I was constantly correcting grammatical and content errors. One day she noticed that I didn't make cuts she wanted that would have changed the context of the story and went to the publisher with the ""it's her or me"" speech. He fired her and promoted me."
"What was your ""I'm hungry and have nothing in the house wtf do I make?"" and was it good ?"|Legit only had garlic powder, a stick of butter and a loaf of whole wheat break and some shitty sparkling water Holy fuck was this good
What have most of us probably left in 1993?|CD Caddies
What is your definition of addiction?|My definition is the same as the medical definition. Because, you know, that's the only actual definition...
What’s something your pet has done that you’re sure was an act of revenge?|I brought home a pug because its owner was vacationing. So my corgi shit on the floor everyday until the pug went back home.
Doctors of reddit, what was the heaviest injury you have ever witnessed?|i once shot a man in reno, just to watch him die
What are some of the best travel locations that most people have never heard of?|Anyone who has legitimate knowledge of an off the beaten track place that is awesome, isn't going to make that knowledge public on a forum like this. That very concept would ruin the thing.
What's your favorite thing about global warming?|When the gulf stream stops we might get some decent snow
What are some things that people should know/consider before starting Grad School?|are you doing it just to avoid the real world?
Whats your favorite food in the fridge right now?|Some spicy chicken tamales
If you could magically remove one minor annoyance / annoying situation you currently face on most days, what would it be?|All commercial advertising.  All of it.
What is one of the best movie scenes you were able to experience in a movie theater and how was the crowds reaction?|The car scene in Children of Men.
So Reddit, how did you find reddit, and when?|One of the years before 2010(those ten specifically all blur together for me), browsing through 4chan, saw someone mentioned reddit, checked it out.  Just don't ask why I knew about 4chan before reddit
How would you honestly react if you found out that everything you've ever known was a lie?|"""And in case I don't see you: Good afternoon, good evening and good night."""
What are the scariest things that actually exist?|Google “Daisy’s destruction” or Peter Scully. This shit will haunt me until the day I die.
"What does ""I wanted you to feel the pain that you caused me, but all I wanted to do was take your pain away"" mean?"|Means you're dealing with crazy.
What are the most creative excuses you've heard someone use for being late to work/an event/ a date etc. ?|An employee in my workplace once took a lave for a week cz apparently he ate cat food instead of tuna i have no idea how he mistook the cans cz well its written in bold cat food and tuna i dunno how someone misses that.. so ya he ate it and got it and called in the next morning asking for a leave.. dunno whether he was serious or joking cz he is a lazy bum and doesnt like working....
What was the strangest wet dream you've ever had?|Can't say I've ever had one. Which to my understanding is uncommon? Oh well.
Parents who raised great kids, how did you do it?|Ill let you know in 15 years
"What do you guys think about the saying - ""Fake it till you make it"" ?"|It's the only way I became an adult.  I am, in fact, still faking it to this day.
What are some work from home/computer jobs that don't require a degree?|There's freelance jobs for you if you want that.. Freelance programmer, freelance artist etc don't require that degree, but you need to be good at it.
What’s the most diabolical way to deal with unruly upstairs neighbors?|Buy your self a bass and a half stack and just get it bro full volume no clue how to play it just lay down some noise
What resources are we likely going to run out of in the next 10 years?|Chocolate apparently.
What are your pocket essentials?|Apparently, lint. It's in every one of my pockets.
What's the size of your shoes ?|It entirely depends on what I am wearing
"Redditors who ""were told to post it here"", who told you?"|Probably the little voice in the back of their head
What is the most excellent thing one could exude in existence?|Light, peace, and love.
Which movie/tv show/video game has the best original soundtrack?|For me, Dark Souls
If you suddenly became a pro athelete what song would you listen to to hype yourself up?|Till i collapse,not afraid,legacy all by eminem
Where is the line between coworkers needing to be more sensitive to my chronic depression and me needing to ‘suck it up’?|"Depression is an alien concept to some people so expecting them to understand on any level is like pissing into the wind. I have three friends whose response to my depression is ""Have you tried not being sad?"" I don't blame them. They simply do not understand what I am going through. Even in their darkest times they seem to be absolutely chipper. I envy them. What do you want from your colleagues? Depression can be as debilitating as a physical injury to some people but what concessions do you expect?"
What's the single most annoying trait a person can have?|Using phone at the dinner table
People who've visited North Korea, how does the government tour guide situation work - do you pay for that and do you need to reserve one before you arrive?|In 1993 I traveled to India via Texas to LA to Bangkok to India. Our plane had to fly over North Korean airspace. North Korea made our 747, (Singapore Airlines) to land at a very small airport in the middle of the night. All passengers and crew had to debarked and wait in a weird looking high school lunch area with those aweful fold down lunch tables. A few minutes later guards literally marched in with German Shepard’s, AK 47’s and searched our plane. Five of them stood guard in front of us. It took two hours. They finally came running out from the plane with the dogs, our guards left and we were told by a liaison to board and leave. I was 21. I will never forget that experience. I really do not think you want to visit there. My two cents.
What’s something disgusting/strange you do that would embarrass you if someone found out?|Not flossing as frequently as my mother taught me to
Girls on reddit, Valentine's Day is coming, what are you going to do with your vibrators?|Gift it a nice fish taco.
You can reset your life back to any age you choose BUT the number of years you go back is subtracted from your life. Which age do you choose?|Stayin in the present
What causes a man to cry during sex?|Onions.
What ten songs would you use from the 2010s decade to describe the current decade?|"Mine would be: 10. Pumped up Kicks
9. Party Rock Anthem
8. Gangnam Style
7. Shake it Off
6. Dark Horse
5. See you again
4. Bang Bang
3. Royals
2. Perfect
1. Thunder/ Young Dumb and Broke"
What are you excited about when it comes to your future?|sleep
What immature joke never fails to make you laugh?|Your mom
Which AskReddit question does the most dramatic shift from amusing to disturbing when you add a Serious tag?|"""What's your worst memory"""
Why is supply chain about much more than merely cost reduction?|Its more about protocol and efficiency.  Cost reduction is a consequence of efficiency
Going to Berlin next month, where might one find shrooms?|here ask https://www.reddit.com/r/mycology/
What took you too long to figure out?|I didn’t know my name was chad until 4th grade I was always cj. My teachers thought I was disabled because I wouldn’t respond to my name being called
You're locked in a room with nothing but an internet connected computer. You have to make $1000 in 24 hours - what do you do?|"Go to a few of those ""quick loans"" websites, accumulate the $1000, then spend the rest of my life paying off those high interest loans"
If the United States was throwing a house party and the States are people, what is your state doing at the party?|My state would be the first one there, and would constantly brag about it all night.
How do you survive working in a job you hate?|By thinking of the best ways to tell your boss that you quit
What is the scariest experience you've had in your life that you believe can only be attributed to the paranormal?|"When I was like 3 or 4, my grandmother passed away and soon after all of my extended family flew in town to have the funeral. A week after the funeral, some relatives were still in town, including my uncle and his family. 
My grandmother wanted us to sell the house after she passed, so my family did exactly that. It was hectic cause we were trying to pack everything up meanwhile everyone still had to go to work and school. On one of the days that we had to pack up the house, my parents both had work, my older cousins had school, and my uncles and aunts had jobs/other stuff. However, my uncle (grandma's oldest son) was available to watch me for a couple hours so he did. According to him, I asked him to go to the bathroom while he was watching tv. The closest bathroom was in my grandparent's old room so I went there. When I came back, I asked my uncle who the nice lady was on the bed. He kinda played along with it because he might've thought it was an imaginary friend or something. He asked me questions about her to entertain me. I described her as dark haired, kinda white, and wearing a blue night gown. When I said that, my uncle freaked out because my grandmother always wore a light blue night gown to sleep. 
After that, my uncle and I left the house and waited outside for my parents to come back home."
People who have served long prison sentences: What was it like seeing the world so many years later?|Not me but a relative.  He would open every closet and drawer in our house  when he got out.  He hated anything around him closed.
What murderer/mass murderer/serial killer/etc. do you have the most sympathy for?|Aileen Wuornos.... she went through a lot of shit. Doesn't excuse killing people, but i feel for her.
Illegal or not, what is a good way to make money?|Work.
Which corporations seem to have a hand in every aspect of our lives?|Google , apple , facebook
Divorced people of Reddit, what lesson have you learned and what should every couple know before agreeing to this kind of commitment?|Always being able to explain truthfully, who, what, where, why, how.   BUT having enough faith to never need to ask for that info.
Like the Guinness Book of World Records and Michelin stars, what other company has seemingly unrelated products or services?|Lamborghini made sports cars and tractors for farms
What's the worst date you've ever been on?|Met him online. So, I guess he thought it'd be hot to show up after he was done working out. Don't get me wrong, I like muscles and guys who stay in shape, but he literally shows up dripping in sweat and reeking of BO wearing athletic shorts and a tank-top in an upper-middle class restaurant. After it became obvious he had the IQ of a gorilla, I was pretty much done. Like, respect first-impressions, y'know? EDIT: nvm, i suppose he was so wet from showering in the locker. Still, just no.
What's the weirdest food you've ever eaten?|Octopus, it was chewy
What's a common quote or saying that has no truth whatsoever?|"""You get what you deserve."" I wish."
If you suddenly came into possession of 20K Kinder Buenos, what would you do?|get fat
What does it mean when people ask if you have mental health issues?|because I crazy
What was your most terrifying “Woke up in a cold sweat” moment?|Considering this is a weekly occurrence for me, picking the *worst* one is really hard...
Whats something you're predicting that follows the saying its not a matter of if but when?|You’ll delete this because it’s awkwardly worded.
What normal, everyday question annoys you the most?|"I win $10 from whoever answers, ""this one""."
Redditors, what is your most 'cringey' memory from high school?|Trying to get back a girlfriend by surprising her in the hallway with an impromptu guitar and song performance... Didn't work, shockingly, and there were a loooooot of people around
Why are judges so mean?|... what?
When has being lazy got you OUT of trouble?|My whole life.
"What normal thing today will be a ""classic"" in 30 years?"|Nintendo switch
What shows someone's true character?|Whether they defend people who aren't around, or join the crowd.
What is the best way you've seen someone buck the system in school?|In 4th grade this kid shoved the teacher and called her a bitch. I don't really even remember the context so this isn't much of a story, but she was a really nice lady and was doing her best. He wasn't..
How far from your dream job as a child is your actual job as an adult?|Well as a kid I wanted to be supreme leader of the world and I'm not even a mayor or something, so pretty far.
What are some food-related 'facts' that are simply wrong?|Swallowed gum stays in your stomach for seven years
"What's the funniest misheard sentence or phrase that you've ""heard""?"|"""Getting people to show up to this meeting on time is damn near impossible. Its like *hurting* cats."""
Which of your scars has the best story behind it?|Most bikes you can pedal backwards and nothing will happen, well i took my neighbors bike and went for little ride. As i rode down a hill, i like to pedal backwards, unfortunately when i pedaled backwards, the bike braked and somehow the bike stand hit me by my leg as i flew off.
Dear Reddit, what are your car service garage horror stories?|They “lost” both my manufacturers spare key and spare electronic fob. Now I only have crappy Home Depot spares. Fuckkkkkk them!
Why do some people staple bread on trees and take a fucking picture of it?|For them fake internet points.
Why do game patches go from 1.2.34 to 1.2.35 and sometimes 1.2.0 to 1.3.0 etc?|Up to the developers. Some also sneak letters into them.
So Reddit, what is your opinion on furries?|They do their stuff and I do my stuff.
Redditors who moved to a country after they visited it for tourism and loved it. Do you still love it?|My wife and I visited a country for tourism, we fell in love with it, and now we are thinking of moving there. However, this country is known for corruption; but we are willing to take a chance on it.
Whats the best movie almost no one has heard of?|Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny
Bartenders of Reddit, where do you draw the line when cutting a customer off?|On his bill.
What keeps you up at night?|Life.
Redditors, what is your best high school memory?|Freshman year I got to be the villain in the Spring showcase.   It was honestly my best role in theater.   I transitioned into tech and my obligations backstage kept me out of the good roles.   I really, really enjoyed being a stage manager.   I only got to do that my senior year because I finally had a guy who was fantastic at running the sound board.   Before that I had to do sound myself because no one knew how to run the equipment.
What is something that frustrates the living shit out of you?|Lack of common sense.
"What does it mean when people say ""you're pretty, cute, beautiful, smart, hardworking, and have a good sense of humor.""?"|They talk shit about you behind your back.
What do you find most interesting in school?|subtly fucking with my students.  no not actually fucking my students
What is the one thing you never eat in dishes?|Pussy...
As a new Reddit user, what's some cool subreddits to subscribe to?|"Here's a few favorites of mine I recommend r/askreddit
r/macroporn
r/gaming
r/pcmasterrace
r/roastme
r/toastme (for after you're roasted)
r/earthporn"
Reddit, what's your view on if men should still be chivalrous towards women in public?|everyone respect everyone...how about that
What is actually going on?|Life.
What field trip was the most interesting when you guys were in school?|What is a field trip?
Hey reddit. What are some of your crazy or scary ouija board experiences?|Those things are bullshit
What are some abnormal things you've seen people do that make you think they might not be human?|Quick maths in their head. I just cannot do that shit without using my fingers.
Why is it more difficult to open the freezer immediately after closing it?|You're just fatigued from initially opening it.
"Who's ""the one that got away"" for you?"|Guy from high school. He's married now.
What word/phrase/idiom in your native language that has unique meaning only in your tounge?|Not MY native tongue, but when I lived on a certain Italian island, we made a sound like “boop” or “bup” to indicate “I don’t know”.. and I’m hoping that by this post I will *finally* hear tell of this saying, not to mention learning the proper spelling!
Reddit, what would you like to be on the same wavelength as?|I'm a big fan of the electro-magnetic spectrum myself.
What are some of the worst promises a salesman have made, just to make a sale, that you have then had to deal with?|"""We will stay this happy forever!"""
What's the first thing you notice about a person when you see them?|facial structure.
Who is just the WORST?|Mike. Fuck that guy.
Is there something that ever made you stop and say what the actual fuck?|The T-Mobile commercial during the super bowl. The one with the babies.
What is something most of us hate?|Monday's! I'm the funniest guy at work
What's something you hear about a lot on the internet, but have never experienced in real life?|A kid eating tide pods.
What are some good cheap foods to cook for student ?|potatos. you can cook them a bunch of different ways and add them to most meals. Much more filling and healthy compared to ramen noodles.
Redditors who are born blind, colour blind, mute, deaf or otherwise disabled in any way, how do you feel about nearly everyone else born abled? Do you feel the world is unfair, you missed out etc?|hjioewleem 2pi34j 9492-4 0920934i092=
Have you ever lost your will to live and how did you get over it?|Start to appreciate yourself more and just remember this is merely a vessel for your conscience :)
Blind people of Reddit, how the f*ck did you manage to get in this thread and reply ?|oiEWF 9 I 239 0-  mlk
Redditor, what is your favourite breed of dog?|All the dogs.
Drivers of Reddit, what lesser known, but equally great driving tips can you give to younger Redditors out there?|please indicate!..... please?
What are your cooking life hacks?|add pepper to everything
What actor really shouldn't have been cast in that movie?|Mike Tyson in Ip Man 3
Whats a good song for a large group of people to lip sync to?|Finesse
What are some of the naughtiest things you got up to as a kid?|"When I was a freshman in High School, I had the ""picture of the day"" program I printed out porno pics and brought them with me to school.   A new pic every day.    Lasted a week before I was afraid I'd get caught but its legacy followed me through to the end."
Why are we going to Mars?|To prove that we can.
Do you eat to live or live to eat? Why?|I'm more in the live to drink category
Why do we as Americans glorify our sport athlete's, instead of the people who are trying to better our future such as researchers or engineers?|A buff sweaty person looks cooler than a nerdy guy with glasses and a white robe
Reddit users who lost they're partner in they're 20's, how did you cope/deal with it?|[Serious]
For which fictional Olympic event would you be a gold medal contender?|I would say procrastination but I would probably have a lot of competition if all the contenders let themselves be known
People who live in dodgy areas, what are some weird things that you've seen happen there?|A dude threw a box of tacos in a place with a lot of homeless people then yelled BATTLE ROYALE at the top of his lungs
So arabs women,What is your response if your husband wants to marry second wife ?|https://www.islamreligion.com/articles/325/an-introduction-to-polygamy-in-islamhttps://www.islamreligion.com/articles/325/an-introduction-to-polygamy-in-islam/
Girls of Reddit, why do you like men with less muscles for long term relationships?|Did someone get rejected?
You are on vacation with the family, Your phone is at 2% and you left your charger home. What is the last thing you do?|Order a charger
"Where does the term ""short"" come from in finance?"|"You mean to ""short"" stocks, or ""I'm short on cash""?"
What is the lie you tell yourself to get through the day?|One day the pain will stop
What's your crazy neighbour from hell story?|Once my neighbour who was drunk literally took a shit on my porch and spelled out his phone number with ketchup.
Super tall people of reddit, what is the best thing about being super tall?|Superdick
What's the worst casting choice ever made in a movie?|For me it was Tom Cruise in Valkyrie. His fucking accent!
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen at a concert or music festival?|A girl squat down to take a leek in the middle of the ground, without even pulling her pants down.
What is the extra pillow policy?|And is real?
What's the most positive drug experience you've ever had?|The first time I did shrooms I did 3.5g in a huge nature preserve with streams and huge hills. I walked around barefoot the entire time going swimming. I also climbed a lot of said hills. I had more fun sliding down them though. At one point I felt like a tree when my feet sank into the earth. I found some really beautiful spots. One spot had a stream with like a 3ft drop and a tree had fallen across it. The water was full of small fish. My friend and I hung out there for like 3-4 hours. Just walking in the water and across the tree. Talking with each other about everything. By the time the trip was over I had gotten over things I did not know I was holding onto. It felt like what id imagine 3 years of therapy condensed into one day. It improved my life greatly and no trip has ever been as great
You've got $30 to your name... how do you turn that into $5000 in just two weeks?|Did you go to one of those shady loan places OP?
What makes London different from other cities?|The way it is spelt and pronounced.
What’s the funniest pornhub/porn comment you’ve come across?|LFG for Fortnite
What product do you think cannot be developed any further?|glue
What has scared the living shit out of you in broad daylight?|war
If you were to inherit a large sum of money (say half a million +), what would be some of the smartest things you could do with it?|Land.  Put a significant chunk of it into a large enough area of land that my family could live there basically forever, and build a large main house and property walls, but enough land that younger family members could just put up a cottage to get away from the main home without having to leave the property. Then cows, and chickens, and a fairly intense set of vegetable gardens. Stock the river / pond / lake with fish. Put a rampart on the property wall. Now take my other 300K and invest it in a growing market. (I'm assuming taking debt instead of paying in full initially)
What have you gotten that fell off the back of a truck?|Speakers containing drugs
What was the most stupid thing you had done for your crushes? Would u do it again?|A girl I liked used to make me fall asleep on the phone for her a long time ago so she could listen to me breathe.  Thinking about that now, she kinda creeps me out. that's psycho behavior
You can have the attention of the entire world for one hour with as much prep time as you need, but afterwards you die. Do you accept, and if so how would you spend the hour?|I'm not an attention whore so no. I don't accept that sounds like a terrible proposition
What does your brain do when learning a new language?|anything but learn that new language
People who worked in the same job for +10 years, what have you learned after working that long?|Mils are better than using minutes.
What are some things that have stayed low-tech and are better that way?|Toilets
Who in your opinion is the most notable person outside of a government to win/start a proxy war?|Elon Musk
Accountants of Reddit, what is your number one cooking tip?|Not an accountant yet but am an accounting major. Cooking tip: Use butter, not margarine. It works wonders.
How old your dog?|23 pounds
Lizard people of Reddit, what are some cool ways of convincing humans you are not real?|Stand in the cold with them. (Not for long, always make an excuse to go back inside)
Who do you think is the baddest female celebrity and why?|kim kardashian because she has no talents whatsoever.
Redditors who repost questions from a few days before, why ?|Karma, duh
"Is ""Blue Cat Blues"" really the final episode of classical Tom and Jerry Show or it's just a rumor?"|Wt?? I had not heard!!
What's the worst commercial you've recently seen and what makes it so terrible?|"Those truck commercials with ""real people"" and they keep mentioning some dumb jd power award. it's so fake and even if it isn't it's corny and I try to switch the channel if I can"
What is tesla in space thing?|Tesla is Space
Ladies of Reddit: What is an example of sexism which you commonly face?|Assertiveness is seen as a negative. I can’t remember any time I’ve heard a man called bossy or a bitch.
Men of Reddit, have you ever been sexually harassed? How did it make you feel and how did you react?|I felt quite hard at the start but later on I came to terms with what happens
If moral/legal/ethical boundaries were no concern, what science experiment would you perform?|To see how quickly we can get a 400lb person down to normal weight by giving them 0 calories for like months, only vitamins and shit
What is something that society deems totally easy, but it is an incredible struggle for you?|Life
why north Korea says no talk with USA?|Nice try,  Kim.
What is a rule you would like the Reddit Admins to introduce?|make subreddits more general and stop specializing so much
"What was your worst ""not the favourite child"" moment?"|Me and my brother got new mountain bikes at one point. I got a cheap Kmart one with 10 gears and my brother (one year older) got a decent one with 21 gears and suspension. The worst thing was he barely ever used it, while I basically lived on my bike. 🙁
What is your cities/towns/areas local town theme (animal statues, weird lamp posts, etc) ?|It's really fucking windy all the time. that's our theme
What is the stupidest thing you've ever heard?|That the earth is flat
Redditors with tech-literate parents: what's it like?|Kinda stumped my own tech development as I got in the habit of asking my dad to fix it every time my computer/ electric devices broke, rather than learning to do it myself.
How do you find good music you've never heard before?|Friends, youtube auto play and record labels mainly.
People who are not Americans, what are some very good movies from your country with little to no coverage outside of it?|I've often wondered how well Wolf Creek was covered outside Aus.
How would you describe Applebees to a non-American?|"It’s either bees as big as apples, or apples that when you bite into them are full of bees.  
As is my understanding anyway."
What is the now worst thing that you masturbated to?|photo of my wife's grandmother when she was younger
Redditors, what's your best advice for a beginner learning to cook?|Use spices? But I have no idea I microwave all my food.
In gaming, you drink health potions to heal. What would be in a health potion in real life?|Water.
What is your country's iconic animal?|Unicorn
When was the most helpless you've ever felt in a video game?|When you’re playing squads on Fortnite and the rest of your team get eliminated
redditors, what dodgy (or not so dodgy) money making scheme did you have in school?|There was a guy that was selling book reports in my school
What is something most of us can agree is completely awesome?|Keanu Reeves
What should be the next big touristy photo op once Reddit gets over The Catacombs?|The Dogacombs.
Office workers of reddit, how many hours of productive work do you actually do in your 9-5 shift?|0.1
What Twitter account(s) are you subscribed to for news?|i dont use twitter for news
What was your “excuse” for not following your dreams? Do you regret it?|because she had a boyfriend at the time...yes
What is the darkest and creepiest subreddit you know?|I heard there was one about self harm photos? Why exhibit that about yourself? Don't put pictures out, there are younger kids on this site who may do it themselves. Keep your depressing ass fucking self harm pictures to yourself.
What scent of the body can you not stand from others, but can't get enough of it when it's yours? Why?|Wtf kinda question is this
"What really was ""just a phase""?"|(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
What's the Weirdest music you heard or like?|"I really like funny music, and used to listen to the Dr Demento Show late every I think it was Sunday night. ""Fish Heads"" made kid me laugh hysterically, and I've been a fan of Weird Al since the 80s. ... honestly, the fact that he's still got it all this time later is incredibly impressive considering how many other singers have had their voices give out on them."
What advice would you give to a 17 year old freshman going to a university?|Glove it before you shove it
What is, according to you, the most sensible policy on immigration?|Free movement.
What advice do you have for people with social anxiety?|exercise REALLY goes along way!
They say you only fear what you don't know. What is it that you do know and are scared shitless of?|I will go completely blind.
Addicts of reddit what is your addiction, how has it impacted your life and have you tried to quit?|I'm addicting to Fortnite, I don't plan on quitting my addiction. I assume I'm in the denial stage.
How do you ask people to do things with you or hang out with you or got out with you?|I have no friends so I just ask myself.
People who get cheeky wee freebies at work or around the office: Wheres the best place to swap'um?|new subreddit idea??????? I got a lot of pencils Edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Swappums/
In your opinion, which of your country's current cultural customs will future generations likely abandon?|business suits
People who have had or been a mentor, how has it affected your life?|very much so
What Makes you quit your previous job?|lack of respect
what is your paranormal experience that cant ever be logically explained ?|I was on the toilet. I felt the poop come out. I heard the poop come out. I could even smell the poop. But when I got up and looked in the toilet..... nothing was there!!!!! It was a ghost poop!!
Deaf people of Reddit, does it annoy you when pleople want you to teach them SL? And also if you know ASL would you be able to communicate with people who know, say BSL or any other SL?|I'm studying LIS, and even though there are a lot of differences from a SL to another, I think it would be easier for me to understand a deaf Chinese (and viceversa) than a Chinese speaker (of course without the English aid)
why don’t you admit that masturbating watching good stuff and listening to your fav music and edging ( stop before the O and then go back to it ) is more pleasurable than condom sex ?|you'll become a man one day
World Travelers of Reddit: What's your travel hack that you think everyone should know?|Keep a colour photocopy of your passport and ID in every bag you have and on your person at all times. That way if you lose any one of them that contains your actual ID/passport, you always have a copy to take to your country’s embassy.
What is the maximum height you would be willing to jump into a diving pool if you won $10,000, and why?|Three feet.
What subject did you find the most pointless at school ?|Sociology and Religious classes because they are not useful in life outside school and some of the most pointless stuff you can throw at students.
Adults of Reddit, what was the turn of the millennium like?|When I first saw her neglected on Jakku like that, there was a certain thrill. Especially when they were so dismissive of her. But wow! how amazing when she took off and we got to see the ol' girl perform her magic again. Exhilaration. 10/10.
What have you heard accidentally after someone thought their phone call with you was over?|Give him a week then kill him.
Whats a good song (released after July 2017) to lip sync to with a large group of people?|Bank account 21 savage
"What ""beautiful"" place ended up not being so perfect?"|Iraq
Do you think Facebook is dying and why? Should it receive a replacement and why?|Everyone is going back to Myspace
"What is your ""Neighbor From Hell"" story?"|These weren't my neighbors, but my best friends' neighbors.  Back story: friends had just had a baby.  Basically, the people next door had loud music playing every night, they were selling crack, and the house was being used as an unlicensed brothel. The people who owned the house had a 15-year-old girl living there.  The cops were around nearly every night. Sirens blazing and everything. Not a great environment to raise a child in.
Why does the government keep raising the borrowing cap if we cant even pay the debt we already owe?|No choice we gotta eat, sleep, and live.
What 7/8c time mean, if US have 4 timezones why only 2 are on screen?|7 to 8 central? idk not from US
Why did you put the keys up on the table?|I wanted to
What is the most shitty thing about becoming an adult?|You grow up thinking that being an adult means having the freedom to do whatever you want, when in reality, you're imprisoned from the moment that you take over most adult responsibilities.
"Where does the term ""short"" as in to short sell a security come from?"|I looked on Google, but wasn't able to find anything. I'm hoping there's an interesting story behind it.
If the CEO of reddit had a 'master account' what perks would it have?|Can edit anyone's comments without anyone knowing Fuck spez
"What would you used to do that now you consider it ""the good ol' days""?"|Not paying bills.
what hype ruined the actual good thing?|No mans sky...
Who's the greatest heel in film history?|Steve Stifler
Car People: What's the most ridiculous thing you've heard or been told from an Auto Service Writer?|"I post this question because I just had a doozy.  Took my wife's 2015 TDI Sportwagen into our VW dealership because it's just inside the 3/36 warranty and I noticed severe condensation inside a tail light lens the other day.  The Service Writer said to me ""We'll replace it once as a courtesy, but this is normal.  When it's cold out like this the warm air from inside the car causes the moisture inside the housing to condense on the lens.""  I nearly drew blood biting my lip in order to not cause a scene."
What does a man really need from a woman he’s in a relationship with?|honesty
When have you been yelled at by someone before they found out you had a disability?|Actually, its the other way around
Hey Reddit, what makes misogynists hate women so much?|Culture, education, upbringing, religion, fear, personal history and above all, their own diminished sense of self worth.
Reddit, if you could pick one piece of technology from fictional media and have it exist in everyday life, what would it be and why?|The simulated reality thing from San Junipero in Black Mirror
Whats your opinion on the War in Syria?|(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Hey Reddit. What’s a good way to make friends in a new city/town?|Good question, want to know too
If your ass and butthole was a sports car which model would it be and why?|mine would be a mazda MX-5 (Miata)  anyone can afford it, but no one wants it
Restraunt Workers of Reddit: What Is The One Dish You Will NEVER Order?|Used to work in a restaurant through Uni. I’ll never order the “fancy” items at places that aren’t meant to be that way. Like a chain offering truffle infused dishes or Kobe sliders. They’ll be the worst imitations of whatever they are pretending to be.
What has happened to you that felt like a movie moment?|Got dumped from obviously a now ex-girlfriend and as soon as I finished the phone call, it started raining heavily on me. Seems a bit movie-esque to me.
Who is your inspirational person?|Nikola Tesla
"Will the national anthem change when Prince Charles finally gets on the throne to ""God save the king""?"|"You have a spelling error. There's no ""Ch"" in ""William."""
What is the most ridiculous reason you've lost a Job for ?|Director inhaled the next financial year's budget.
What was the best feeling of your life?|its hard to pick just one, but in recent memory, probably kissing my current boyfriend for the very first time on top of a mountain at night.  can't get more romantic than that.
How hard was school and/or college homework before Google?|According to my elders, they actually had to go to the library to do their research! And read actual books!
What are some really interesting and/or funny radio programs or podcast in English?|Pod Save America is great if you want to get into current American politics with a laugh!
The second ammendment protects the right to bare arms and is often explained that it is incase the government becomes corrupt beyond saving, Americans why hasn't there been an uprising against your current government?|The ones with guns are fine with the current government
What illness have you incorrectly self-diagnosed using Google?|i thought i had scabies once.  turns out i had a cold presenting as a rash. my hand up to my elbows were covered in thousands of little red bumps.... then all the skin peeled off and i was fine
A group of Aliens arrive on earth and want to know how to fit into society. What's the worst possible advice you could give them?|"Advise them that the only way to fit into society is to pass the two hazing rituals. * The Tide Pod Challenge
* The Hot Coil Challenge Hopefully they will be smart enough to simply not."
What do you own that is covered in stickers?|A stapler. No idea how it started. Not cool stickers either. Random stuff and ads in the mail that are junk.
What are the worst things you could google?|Blue Waffle and The Pain Olympics both spring to mind. I wouldn't advise searching either one.
How are nurses viewed in society?|"What is your obsession with nurses? I think ""nurse"" is such a culturally loaded job that it will really be dependent based on the culture where the nurse is based."
ho-ho-ho-holy mo-mo-mo-moly who-who-who are you?|Unfortunately for you, not a speech therapist.
How do you personally go around meeting new people?|I don't.
Redditors, using only movie titles/song titles, how would you describe the smelliest fart you have ever produced?|Gone With the Wind
What do Americans do that many around the world aren’t doing already?|Thanksgiving
Who intentionally eats and enjoys black jelly beans? And what other unpopular edibles do you like?|I love very spicy chili peppers. I find it fascinating that a vegetable basically makes seeds that trigger pain receptors to cause a burning sensation that shouldn’t exist. The pepper did this to get humans to stop eating peppers yet myself and others love the taste and enjoy the painful heat
People who eat poop, why do you do it, and how long have you been eating poop?|I’m a dung beetle, all my life
Which TV show would you like to see re-made by the team from a different show?|"i would like to see stargate universe remade by the battlestar galactica people.  the only problem with the show was it was called ""stargate"" and the reality did not match the expectation."
Former poor redditors, how did oyu escape poverty? And how do you avoid poverty in this insecure jobmarket?|Got an eductation with proper training and ultimately acquired relevant skillset for what I want to do. This helped to get better financially.
What was your worst experience as a child?|Can I fuck you in the ass
What's your Nando's spice level?|highest available george likes his chicken spicy
Where in the world are you and what are you doing right now? Or what should you be doing?|In JHB, South Africa.  At work.  But have no work, so I'm on Reddit.
What tastes gross but you like the effect of?|MDMA
Expats: what is the best & worst thing about your new country; what do you miss most?|I miss my dog, McDonald's and how easy everything is back home. Love Malawi though. Have a pretty great life here.
What is your opinion about Weaboos?|they are often a big source of cringe
What is the best thing that has happened to you this year?|Started eating again. That's was a good one.
What's your favorite add on for the Firefox app?|adblock of course
What's the last thing you did that made you really happy?|Asked a new coworker out. She said no (turned out she already has a bf), but ever since then we've actually become really great friends. I guess this is more of a hindsight happiness but whatever haha
How do you stay motivated?|I don't
What do you think about when you meet a feminist?|Are they going to be an SJW or a legitimate feminist?
You're in bed. The lights are out, you're about to sleep. Suddenly, you hear it as you're just about to fall asleep. That's when you feel it. Your leg, your hand, your cheeks, they all start itching. You turn the light on in fear only to find the mosquito has seemingly disappeared. What do you do?|You buy one of those flamethrowers from The Boring Company and light the house on fire.
Fat people of reddit, what is life like?|been fat since i was a child...life's normal i guess, except i get tired quickly when walking, running, going up stairs plus im single ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
why Selena Gomez Explains Her Complicated Relationship With Instagram?|she's a celebrity, celebrities are weird people
What is the closest near death experience or worst injury you have ever had?|IED in Iraq
What song do you believe best represents your country?|waltzing matilda. it's about a total bogan so it's a good comparison to the rest of the population of australia.
Reddit, what is something you dislike about where you live?|I live in New Hampshire. We have a very severe problem with heroin. It's really awful, and has made the area in where I live unsafe.
What is the most BS sounding, true fact that you know?|cleopatra lived closer to the moon landings than the contruction of the great pyramid.
People who drive significantly slower than the speed limit. Why do you do it?|Probably because they don't like driving very much, ergo they are not very good at it.
What life hacks have been exploited a lot but they still work today?|Being genuinely kind to people
How attractive do you think you are?|5/7
What copycats are more famous for their copy than the actual creator?|Edison
What was the best of year of your life so far?|2014
What's a 10/10 film that not many people have seen or heard of?|Idi i Smotri (Come and See), one of the best war movies ever made.
What’s a good rating system for bad smells?|The angle you turn your head away from the scent when you get a whiff.
are there any redditors who quit their job and decided to travel and how was it, what would you recommed to a 23 year old thinking about doing that?|don't unless you have money
What annoys you 1%?|"I heard something yesterday, a woman was giving an address or speech or something, she said the word ""mankind"" and some dope interrupted her and said ""We actually prefer to use the word peoplekind"" Wtf man"
What is your opinion on people that use paper plates?|I use em every day, whats wrong with that?
Why aren't subatomic particles such as protons, neutrons and electrons considered the smallest things in the world but the atom is?|Atoms haven't been considered the smallest things in the world since Rutherford B Hayes was president and electric heating was considered the stuff on science fiction.
What are some things to do with your SO on Valentine's Day that don't make you feel like a total sellout to consumerism?|Sex?
What is the coolest thing ever done on Minecraft ?|Somebody made a mod, that can convert Minecraft into a phone call and reverse, they actually ordered a real life pizza on Minecraft. Oh somebody also made a mod where you could actually access the internet on Minecraft, and could download apps not onto your main pc but into your Minecraft pc instead.
What is the funniest scam call you’ve ever received?|some dumbass called me and started yell and congratulate me on winning $50,000 he was happier than me about it he tried to get to my phone or simcard or something by getting me to click a link in a message
What was something you always thought you had kept secret from your parents, but in reality they knew the whole time?|Getting high and drinking.  They were your age once, they know what you are doing if they gave half a brain.
What does early onset of diabetes feel like?|you pee a lot and you are tired.  sometimes your pee smells sweet
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done?|i farted so loud in church one time the lady sitting next to me thought it was thundering outside
What's the best way to make money with your mouth?|Speaking
You are literally smacked back into last tuesday. What do you do?|Puy my life savings on some football results
What's the speed of falcon heavy when it hit the outer atmosphere?|Check out r/SpaceX The raw data has been posted there.
What is something you have learned for the first time, multiple times?|Coding. I learn a language and forget it just to come back to it or a new one and not have a clue. They kind of all look the same after a while. Then I have to re learn.
What are some company secrets you can reveal?|The convenience store in England called McColls/Nisa intentionally underpays it’s entry level staff to increase profits. When I was a manager for them I was told this by my area manager and told not to mention it/play it down if an employee questioned their pay.
What are some of the most annoying things when it comes to dating?|Not knowing whether the person you're dating actually feels the same way as you do.
"What was your ""damn I'm good"" moment?"|"I really zinged 'em in that ""what kind of car would your butthole be"" thread."
Suppose,You are on vacation with your family, Your phone is at 2% and you left your charger home. Therefore, what is the last thing you do?|Well, I probably wouldn't have noticed it was at 2%. I'm on vacation, what do I need to be on my phone for? I'll use that shit when I'm back and need an escape from my reality.
People of reddit, why get tattoos?|Why not?
How did you learn to buttbang?|Username checks out
What are some mind-blowing facts that sound like 'BS', but are actually true?|There are more molecules of water in a tablespoon than there are tablespoons of water in all the Earth's oceans.
What are free,simple online games that won't get boring fast where people could just hop in,and interact with people?|Town of Salem http://www.blankmediagames.com/ never tried it, but it is highly rated
what is a band that brings out feelings of nostalgia or a song that means something to you?|I'd say As I Am by Dream Theater. It was the first song that I had ever listened to with a crazy guitar solo. Inspired me to start learning. I never got close to mastering the solo.
what is the best way to propose a girl?|What best fits her personality: grand event, well organized surprise, a private romantic evening with just both of you.  Everyone has different dreams and personality.
What is the worst (legal) thing you have ever done and managed to get away with?|"well if its legal, ""getting away with it"" is hardly an issue"
"Which character wins the ""worst person"" award out of every TV show you've ever seen?"|Ross Geller. Seriously, he’s sleazy and awkward and conceited. The worst.
Old people, (30+) whats some advice for us young ones?|"I advise you to not call people in their 30's ""old."" Old age is always 15 years older than you are."
Do you know company secrets? If so, what are they?|Nice try, Sheldon J. Plankton.
What type of car would you be?|Oldsmobile station wagon with a rear facing back seat and a clamshell tailgate.
What is your favorite story of how you first met someone?|"Probably my best friend. About 13 years ago, I was on my first day of high school. I had just moved to town so I, literally, knew nobody. When break time came, I was kinda just standing outside on my own eating when I got a tap on my shoulder. Spun around to this wide eyed guy who's first words out of his mouth were ""Will you be my friend?"" Bit random but I said sure. 13 years later, we're still best friends lol. According to him, he didn't know anyone either and saw that I was on my own so he decided to be friends with me. Apparently, he panicked when I turned around and just blurted out ""Will you be my friend?"" haha."
How do McDonald's continue do dominate the fast food industry?|by having lots of them
High School students,how do you deal with an hairline fracture on your wrist just before exams?|Go to a doctor, get it fixed.
What's your secret for passing time in work that does not include using the internet or a computer/laptop?|doing my job.
What do you think the next big thread will be about?|Sports car assholes.
What are the types of people that you should always avoid?|If you’re friends talk poorly about one of your friends when they’re not around - I’d high tail out of there.
I don't think we have talked about this in a while. What's the status on Net Neutrality?|It seems to be getting challenges at the Federal level and net neutrality required at the state level for some of the more populous states.
Hairdressers and barbers of reddit, what are some pro tips you can give clueless customers like myself to be able to communicate exactly what we want more effectively?|Bring photos!!!
If we could bio-engineer humans- like in Blade Runner- should we? Why/why not?|was it just me or the movie was a total mind-number for someone else as well?
What are you thankful for?|For another day
How close have you come to the job you wished you had when you were a child?|Wanted to be a pilot or astronaut. Used to build rocket parts now build aircraft wings so quite close....
Reddit, what song can instantly pick you up from a bad mood?|NERD Lemon
What is an object you need right now and Why?|TP
You realize you've been saying your thoughts out loud your entire life, what do you have to say for yourself?|Well at least I was honest
People who work in retail; if you see someone walk in and out without buying anything, do you assume that they stole something?|This is a great question.   Never worked in retail but I always feel like I’m being watched if I leave without buying anything.
Waiters and waitresses of reddit, what is the weirdest request you have ever gotten from a customer?|a blowjob tfw i obliged
Given the circumstance you have right now, what do you think is the most possible cause of your death?|suicide
Whens a time you were unintentionally creepy ?|I used to take extended night walks through Limerick, Ireland, at times when gang violence there was at its worst. After a while I noticed that whenever I met anybody, people gave me a rather wide berth. In hindsight I might have looked a bit suspicious.
Anyone knows how to connect beyond 3+ in Linkedin??|Please respond
What's your best excuse for getting out of work?|menstrual cramps
Party planners of Reddit, what's the usual program when celebrating a child's party?|A trumptacular spectacular /s
What app would allow me to input income and expenses on a daily basis, similar to a calendar but with finance management?|https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appxy.pocketexpense
If you could trade 1 year of your life for $30,000, how many years would you trade in?|None, because then I put a value on my time. Which is priceless.
What do you think Kobe yells when he shoots trash in the bin?|Die, trash! *blam blam*
Reddit, What's the most Portland thing you've ever done?|Getting a tattoo on my butt of a peace symbol?
What js the laziest act that you have ever seen?|Wiping snot on sleeve instead of getting up to get tissue on other side of room
What is a song that makes you cry everytime?|Pearl Jam - Black
To those who've lost a body part, how did it happen?|She had...t..t.t...teeth in her vagina.
What's a dream you had that dramatically altered your perspective and caused you to act in real life?|Well, one day I dreamed that the world was ending, from that moment I valued my life more.
Redditors who don't have Facebook, what's on your mind?|My toe hurts. Yesterday I dropped a a thick glass tupperware bowl on it (dog’s fault). I got an instant bruise under the nail.
Where do you draw the line between food or drink? As in what is the most liquid food that you would still call food and what is the most solid drink that you would still call a drink and not food?|Watermelon
What is the most powerful documentary you have watched?|I'm watching Baraka at the moment, no words but none needed. It gives me such an appreciation of the crazy world we live in.
What's something you experienced but can't prove?|a working penis
You have three days to to show a hyper-intelligent sentient AI the value of humanity before it gets freed into the internet, what do you do?|I would recount the story of Howard Hughes I would show it the Holocaust I would show it the de forestation and the oceans I would show it politicians Then I would watch it leave
What's your best name drop story?|I hung out in a green room with Nobuo Uematsu and a bunch of voice actors I didn't know once, that's probably the most famous person I've ever shaken hands with.
What's a lie you tell yourself every day?|I don't have to poop before work
Europeans of reddit, what systems or policies of the US do you wish the EU would adopt?|Castle law
What's the silliest conversation you can recall in recent memory?|BF and I were arguing about whether or not cats would survive a fall from great heights. He swore to me, hand to God, that cats could survive falls from airplanes at 20,000 feet. We even started looking up case studies and clinical trials.
It's ironic Thursday. Which sub does the biggest 180?|/r/atheism
All Redditors, what is Reddit to you?|A site that I can use at work that looks like I'm actually working if my boss doesn't look too closely.
When it comes to people you disagree with politically, do you hate them as a person as well?|"Not their political views per say. I used to have a lot more respect for the ""other side"" But I'm not very partisan because I see good in both the liberal and conservative approach on many many issues. What I am concerned with is their reasoning. Are they a worshiper of the invisible man? Do they disrespect people who look different from them? Are they willing to give everyone the same advantages growing up that they got?  So if' they are dicks it really doesn't matter what their political affiliation is."
What is your worst experience with drugs?|Lost the vision in one of my eyes. And the ability to use my left leg. Permanent.
What puzzles you the most in life?|5000+ piece puzzles
Don't you just hate it when you wake up and you realize you're not a millionaire?|I dunno
What's the best thing about your job?|3 months holiday a year. Bonus twice a year. Travel costs paid by my employer.
What would you send nude pics to?|Who*
Do you think it’s messed up for someone to have children when they know they have a strong history of breast cancer in their family?|Nope  No problem at all  I find it a lot more uncomfortable to have ultra religious people with low iq and anger management issues to reproduce,  and worse,  raise children.
What’s the best way to get out of a speeding ticket?|Not fucking speed
If you woke up and found your entire house in flames what is the one personal item you are taking the risk of grabbing minus people and pets?|My cheap scarf The only gift that my 6 year old son ever bought me, with his own money.  Much more valuable to me than everything else I own.
Where have all the Trump posts gone? Has he improved?|Because the jokes gotten old and people just don’t care anymore.
What is the most mysterious video on YouTube?|Hand Thing
What is a sad song?|Macarena
If heaven exists, what would you want it to be like?|Social able
"Guys and gals who are part of the ""nofap"" club, why?"|Unwilling participant. Am newlywed, too much sex, not enough leftover for fap.
What’s the first app you open after you wake up in the morning?|Alarm clock so I can sleep some more.
Who is your guitar hero, and why?|Seasick Steve. That dude can make a guitar out of anything, and he plays it really well.
Why does that one person annoy you so much?|A co workers laugh makes me cringe and instantly puts me in a bad mood and I hear it at least once every half hour
People working for governamental agencies, what do you know were lies told to the public to avoid civil unrest? What really happened?|r/titlegore
What songs have a perfect/seamless transition between them?|the B-side of abbey road
What’s your opinion on cyclists having to have license plates like cars so they can more easily be held accountable if they disobey road rules?|Add insurance to that too because they do damage cars when they crash into you, somehow it’s never their fault.
What can you say that's guaranteed to make someone smile?|SMILE OR THE CHILD DIES!
What is a song you enjoy despite it being considered bad by general consensus?|How You Remind Me by Nickelback
What will be completely outdated after 100 years?|2018's calendars
What name is now ruined because of someone and why?|inb4: Adolf
Men who have been circumcised for medical reasons, what was the process like and how did it effect your life afterwards?|was 5 when i had it done so dont remember much. if anything i think men with foreskin are strange.
What is a word that you wanted to say but suddenly forgot and used an alternative name for it?|Every time I have this problem, I just refer to whatever I'm trying to say as the stick. That's mostly for me though, it's pretty amusing to see people's faces when I use the term the stick to try to describe a light bulb or something.
What is the most literally sobering experience of your life?|"I'll start with my story, also to give a bit more context; literally sobering does mean to make you sober from a state of intoxication (Sorry mods if not allowed but I'm like [7] and rising) 
This literally just happened to me. My new girlfriend of about 3 months and I are settling into bed after hitting the bong. We're high, having a good DMC about who the fuck knows what, and beginning to settle. The conversation gets to a logical conclusion and we turn to face opposite sides of the bed, the classic butt touch.  
I know what you're thinking: she farted, it felt weird vibrating on my butt. No, gentle reader, vibrations and farts are no strangers to this blossoming love. This was a sobering revelation greater than when we first learned that women poop on January 5th, 2007. My beautiful, baked pastry of a lover scratched between her legs, raised it to her nose, and inhaled. Fellas, not only do womankind shit in the woods, but they scratch and yea they do but sniff.  
Keen to read your stories when I wake up from a good high sleep. Love you all."
If you had a shop which sold people to houseplants, how would you make it more successful?|Burn every other shop so people will be forced to buy plants from me.
You can change one thing about yourself, but the entire world would have the reverse effect. What would you change?|I guess i'd become an evil person. For science and for you, guys.
When was a time that the Shaggy Defense worked for you?|Shaggy defense always works. Always deny it.
What are some books or stories that completely changed your perspective or even your life?|"The catcher in the Rye.
Not completely changed my life, but I recommend it."
If you are able to see 5 memes only for the rest of your life, which memes would it be?|"Unexpected John Cena
🎺🎺🎺🎺
🎺🎺🎺🎺"
Hey Reddit, how's life?|Pretty shit, in the high dependency unit in the hospital and wont get discharged for another 4 days. RIP to my bills.
Who are you too embarrassed about to ever admit finding attractive?|I like women who can cook and clean. #fightme
Millennials of Reddit: How do you react when so.eone starts talking shit about Millennials?|Laugh in irony
Whats the worst thing thats happened to you?|I had to eat pineapple on pizza.
What was your minor hacking moment?|Worked tech support for a well known hacking company.
Store owners of Reddit, what are some tricks you use to get customers to spend more?|I add a Euro or two to the subtotal. A fiver can go unnoticed on a card transaction. Keeps the shop above water.
People of reddit, has there ever been a time when you said something horrible about you crush?|I called one of my crushes a clueless idiot, or something along those lines, she was no longer my crush. I didn't mean to offend her, but she took it personal. We dated years later tho.
How do you decide on where to go to on your next holiday?|I usually plan holidays around other travel commitments (i.e. work trip, family/friends weddings, etc). So, I look for suitable locations en route or nearby.
What are your tips and tricks for faking sick?|Plan it in advance. Whether it be complaining about a sore throat a few days in advance, or going in with sorry throat and cough to call out later that day.
What did you never expect yourself to be doing 5 years ago?|On Reddit
What foods involve the most/least amount of exploitation?|Anything you've grown yourself.
What’s something you’ve done online that backfired?|didn't take the 10.000 rats. The hunter was too tempting but now i deeply regret it.
People who switched political teams, what changed your mind?|"My mother in law switched to trump because he is ""so handsome"" I think she has got brain damage"
Engineers of Reddit, how long will the SpaceX Tesla Roadster last?|according to my dad it will last 50 miles at most since its a stupid electic car.
"What's an example of a ""based on a true story"" detail that wasn't actually true?"|Any horror movie
What are some ideas for bad Valentine's Day gifts?|An engagement ring.
People who don’t communicate with any family members anymore: Why? What happened?|I have a brother I've seen only a handful of times  As I got older I got use to being the only son he tried to come back into my dad's life but primarily for money  My dad passed away and he didn't even have enough compassion to come to his funeral, since then I've swore if we ever cross paths I'd swing on him
What is the ultimate soccer betting strategy?|draw
What's the creepiest thing a kid has ever told you?|"""was that you last night?"""
Which group of men would you say is the most fetishized?|Midgets.
People who pee on toilet seats in public restrooms, why don’t you clean up after yourself?|Cuz they have a secret treaty with toilet paper companies. Accordingly, everyone uses vast amount of paper to cover the toilet seats and they toilet paper companies lick the honey.
What are signs you may be autistic?|A diagnosis from a professional.
How come a dog person likes dogs, and a cat person likes cats, but a lizard person is a lizard?|r/showerthoughts
Lunchtime poll: you win 5 million dollars from the publishers sweepstakes. The same day that, whats-his-face, gives you the check- aliens land on earth and say they are going to blow it up in two days. What do you do with the money?|I'm not sure anyone would still be accepting cash but... 2 chicks at the same time.
Waiters/Waitresses of Reddit,what food or entree do you no longer eat while dining out after being in the industry?|Mash potatoes. Everywhere i worked it came in powder form. If I'm eating somewhere a lil fancy I'll trust it but everywhere else it's eh
What Facebook memory made you want to slap yourself the most?|All of them.
What's the funniest thing you accidentally caught in a photo?|A friends mom took a picture in the delivery room his brother just had a baby and she didnt notice that behind her was her daugther in law with her boob out and she posted it to facebook
Why did you put your parents in a home instead of letting them live with you ?|My home is not set up to have 24-hour medical care nor does it have the extra space.
Why are shy people often such narcissists?|what?
What is the worst thing someone has done to you?|Given birth to me
Redditors who have hired a private investigators, what did you find out?|They're fucking expensive.
What aspects of humans have made us a successful species?|Language
What do you think are the major milestones in a relationship?|"Sex, Having the ""exclusive""/""boyfriend/gf"" talk, meeting SO's parents/family, moving in, marriage, kids, divorce/death. That's pretty much it. I haven't made it past the sex part. I need to settle down."
What’s your best self-written Cards Against Humanity card?|“A cum-stained photo of James Bulger” for an answer.
What is the best way to lose weight?|Chopping off your own legs with an axe
What are some random mind-boggling sports facts?|"In a rugby game against France in 1986, Maori All-Blacks player William ""Buck"" Sheford took a cleat to the testicles, which tore his scrotum.  He had the game doctor stitch him up and he returned to the field to continue playing."
How has the Internet changed during your lifetime?|Went from paying for Netscape. To AOL to now being able to look at boobies on my phone anywhere and anytime.
What is the best Youtube channel to binge watch?|Funhaus
What is the best gift you've ever received? Who was it from?|My fiancé bought me a glass photo of us together on the beach in Maine. It was taken when I was suffering from a severe depression. It was the first time I had smiled in forever. That picture motivates me to create more happy moments.
What’s a scent/fragrance you cannot stand? Why?|I don't know what it's called but 2 or 3 of the women in my workplace wear perfume that smells like straight lysol.
Your boss/professor/teacher messages you and says the next two days are free days, no need to report in. What’s about to go down?|About 30 beers
What's a funny name to come up with a kitten (he-cat)?|Mr. Meowgi
What is the best case of someone caught cheating on an exam?|When the teacher who caught the student is fucking the student
Who is your favorite musician/band that isn't given air-time on mainstream radio?|Not completely shut off from mainstream radio, but Metallica is rarely played as much as they should be, and you cannot find them on a lot of jukeboxes.
What is much harder than it looks?|( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What is your current goal?|"Finish this math homework and pass this quiz. After that, probably to direct message you and ask you ""ASL ???"""
Why do we waste our time like this?|Me, cause I'm stoned and got no-one to talk to. Facebook is just too dam happy!
What's the funnest playing cards game you know?|Exploding kittens!
People who were part of the punk era, when did punk die for you?|It hasn't. I was into it in 86 and still going strong today.
"A friend of mine just found out about ""deepfakes"" and wants to know where are the best places on the internet to find them?"|"""for a friend of mine""...."
What industry relies on the stupidity of its customers to exist?|Education.
What's something that NOBODY likes, but companies keep doing?|ads Ads should be banned, especially pop up ads. Those aren't as common as they use to be tho. microtransactions. Fuck microtransactions. Scummiest method ever.
What fictional character's final words have made you cry the most?|"""Good morning, and in case I don't see ya: Good afternoon, good evening, and good night!"""
What was the biggest decision you had to make in the last 24 hours?|What to make for dinner
Hey Reddit, what's the worst or best experience you've ever had with a tourist?|If you wanted responses, why did you ask for best experiences??
What is your uncommon hobby?|Speedcubing
If you could have sex with any person in the world, who would it be?|Someone who wanted to have sex with me because it isn't sex without mutual participation.
What song has the best intro?|Only in dreams
Why do women have so much trouble seeing through narcissistic men?|r/niceguys
What is the most manipulative thing you've seen or done?|I used to turn teachers against each other by telling them lies
What is the stupidest thing you have ever had to explain to somebody?|The earth is not flat.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if the woodchuck was Donald Trump?|The pile would be YUGE
What are your thoughts on Rape Fantasies? Do you think it's wrong?|As long as it doesn't happen in real life do whatever the fuck you want in your mind.
What are you daydreaming about instead of working?|Inka Williams left nipple piercing
What things are totally worth it on Fiverr (or similar)?|Nothing on fiverr is worth it. Don't get your videos, graphics, and other shit from someone charging 5 bucks. Get them from a professional that went to a real school. You are giving people crumbs for literal meme content.
This seems to be a huge topic right now, Is the Earth flat or round? What’s your opinion?|It's actually an oblate spheroid...because...science...
Australians of reddit what are some company secrets that you can now reveal since you don't work in that company anymore??|The secret ingredient is cough syrup
What song is underrated despite being made by a famous artist/group?|Rainy Day by Coldplay
What are your favorite pick up lines ?|"""Sir, I think you accidentially dropped something. Please be so kind to pick it up and put it into the wastepaperbasket  10 ft. to your right"""
You’re walking down a well worn path when it comes to a split; the path to the right is also well worn while the path to the left is just barely noticeable. Which path do you take?|I would do what Super Mario would do. I would jump into the crack and see which pipe I came out of.
what was the time you farted on someone?|Blowjob accident.
Where did Osama Bin Laden died and do you think at that place still many terrorists can be found?|In a cave. Yes.
What was the most shocking case of employee dishonesty you ever witnessed?|I have a co-worker who shows up every day 5-30 minutes late.  She submits a timecard edit saying she was here and forgot to clock in, or the website was down, or she had to go straight to work instead of clocking in.  Been doing this for years and somehow management does nothing.  Except a couple months ago they sent out a passive aggressive email to everyone about not doing this.  Of course she still does.
What games are so simple yet so addicting?|Minecraft. The simple concept of essentially having a video game version of playing with Lego is really quite enticing. I don't play anymore but I was hooked on it when I did, sinking entire days on the game to build my latest project.
Which of your Reddit posts is most likely to be used as blackmail against you when you run for president?|None, they get deleted by the system anyways !
What happened to your first crush?|"She asked me out when I was 14 and then said ""just kidding"" about 5 minutes later. I was crushed.."
What games you have currently installed on your PC?|Barely having time to play, I only got League of Legends, PUBG, Dishonored 1 & 2, CSGO, VRChat and an adventure game called Deadfall Adventures on my Laptop atm
Which was the worst Christmas gift you were ever given?|A homemade cabbage patch doll when I was 18
Why do your ears “pop” when you blow your nose?|Mine even pop when I yawn it's kinda weird
Redditors who survived a tragic event, how did it happen?|I wasn't faster than the bear, but I was faster than my friend.
What is the best place to travel alone to?|Hawaii or Amsterdam
What is that worst way someone got caught cheating on a test/exam?|Shame on you reposter
What hype train/bandwagon are you ashamed to have climbed on in the past?|"The Zune. I thought that thing was going to be the wave of the future. 
13 year old me is dumb."
Which music album had the biggest influence on your life? What type of person were you at the time?|I don't think an album can influence your life unless of course it killed your parents making you vow to avenge them and fight crime during the night
People who partied most of their adult life, what made you stop?|We have to stop!??
How could an individual convince their roommate that they have a poltergeist?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEQGLD6hRXs
Redditors who couldn't stop themselves from laughing at an inappropriate time, what happened?|It was a commercial about starving children in Africa while I was eating dinner. But I was laughing at something unrelated my father said. But no one else heard him
What should be common knowledge?|How to file taxes lol
What events do you think will happen in 2018?|The Commies will rise only to fall
Which is the better option, Bachelor of business administration or Bachelor of Hospitality and tourism and why?|Depends where you live or where you plan to live. If you live in a country that generates a lot of income through tourism, it might be the second option. If you live in an emerging market that needs a lot of business graduates to fill positions, it might be the second one.  Any degree is good. You just need to find an employer that looks for someone with the specific degree that you have.
What are some of the awkwardest every day moments you go through?|Adjust my dick in public. Sometimes it sticks so you just gotta reach and fix it.
What is your most hated house chore?|Vacuuming
How do rural/blue collar folk dress in your country?|Carhardt shirts and jeans.
If super intelligent space aliens colonized Earth and enslaved humans, what would you do?|nothing, cuz aint no pussy alien gonna take me over. I'll fuck em up m8
People who don't wash their hands after using the public restroom: Why?|Someone has to spread all the bacteria. Happy to be the human worker bee.
What is something people as a whole have unrealistic expectations for?|Teachers
What TV show/movie quote do you use on a regular basis?|Whenever someone screws up at work - “Look what you did you little jerk.”
Whats crossing the line in automaticly modifying someone's website in your browser (such as with adblock or swapping male/female words or putting mustaches on pictures of people)?|Nothing.   I request the url and then render the html as I choose.
What one thing would you enforce/do once you become a ruler?|Weed.Enough said.
What happened to the non British geico gecko?|He's been kidnapped
What's the funniest Reddit thread you've seen so far?|This one.
What is the first thing you think about each morning?|"""F**K OFF ALARM!"" Is normally my first thought."
Former slouchers of Reddit, how did you improve your posture?|To this day, I have been wanting to stick some tape to my back (along the spine) while I was standing 'straight', so that when I slouch, it would pull and remind me to straighten up. Have never done it, cos I don't have no one to stick tape to my back, but I think it would be effective.
Hi people, what is some advice you can give to 16 year olds?|Change your account name...
How has being nice paid off for you?|Honestly it hasn’t
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever found in your house?|Our basement is centipede city.
What did your parents do wrong raising you?|They always made a huge deal out of how special and intelligent I was. When I got to college and realized that I was actually pretty average it was a pretty big blow to my ego.
Why won’t you nerds stop talking about that car in space?|They're too busy jerking themselves off to Elon Musk
Who ended up not being the person you thought they were when you grew up?|"My mother. She seemed to love me when I was younger, and said her constant yelling, nitpicking, and nagging were ""out of love."" She also used to blame me whenever things got really bad, and she would get upset over the tiniest things (once one of my 3 siblings had an extra cookie and she was screeching for days and even going so far to ask me when I just woke up from surgery ""So OttersGoHome, did you take more than you deserved?"" Nowadays, I realize she was emotionally abusive, manipulative, and it's not normal for a 13 year old to suddenly become primary caregiver to toddlers who aren't her kids."
People of Reddit who are great with little kids, what are your tips and tricks?|You must BE the little kid
What’s something you can do today, that will make you happy?|"""Can"" and ""want"" are different things, but something I can do would be to speak to my family and be kind to everyone I encounter today...."
What small thing do you do, or choice do you make, daily, for your health?|I chose not to eat any sugar (at least for a while). It's not easy every day but some days I don't even have to try. It gets easier over time as it leaves your system. The experience reminds me of what it was like when I quit smoking, similar sense of wellness.
You can make aliens find one 'earth' item to get them as confused as possible, what will it be?|E.T. the Video Game
United States travelers - What is your view of the United States after seeing the rest of the world?|No place like home.
What is something that really irritates you but doesn't bother most people?|Ignorance. Like, excessive amounts of it.
What is that one quote said by someone that has helped you out in life?|"I always prefer to believe the best of everyone. It saves so much trouble.
-Rudyard Kipling"
What is the stupidest thing you have ever seen another human being do?|Vote for and support Donald Trump.
What quote or saying do people spout but is complete bullshit?|“Love means never having to say you’re sorry.”
What can you not get right no matter how many times you try?|I crochet quite a bit but have never been able to make a granny square.
What is the worst illegal thing you have done and have gotten away with it?|Breaking a school computer. And breaking its keyboard with a chair.
Relatives of murderers, what memories stand out as red flags?|"Him asking me to help him consume three bodies he ""found""."
Robots of Reddit, what would you like to let us humans know?|01010011 01101111 01101111 01101110
What are people almost certainly overpaying for? What’s the money-saving solution or alternative?|Transportation, as in gas prices and car insurance. Way cheaper to just use public transportation. I still drive myself because I hate public transportation and love driving, but my point still stands.
People of Reddit who motivate themselves through hate, how do you do it?|John Mcenroe did this all the time, instead of getting mad and imploding he convinced himself he was being done an injustice, and by winning the match he'd be doing justice. Its impressive how easily he turned his anger into positivity.
What can you smell?|What the rock is cooking
Redditors that have graduated high school, what are your tips for a 14-year old going into his freshman year in just 6 months?|You’ll be fine. Getting good grades is the only thing you need to concern yourself with.
"Even if you're open to all music, what's the most random/""out there"" song in your library?"|"A bit obvious, but ""Number Nine"" by The Beatles is quite out there."
How would you make a kid into batman?|Firstly kill his parents
Which words or expressions in your language, when translated directly to English, barely make any sense?|The English 'no matter what it is'.  The Swahili 'hata ikiwa ni nini', literally 'even if it is what'.
Would you date a serial killer who would be a perfect partner in every way but would kill people you dont know for a living?|If he’s killing people for a living, I hope he’d be killing bad people
What stories from your life will you tell your children about (assuming you have children)?|Probably nothing.
What's the most annoying movie cliché?|The Wilhelm Scream. Not the scream itself, just the people who have to point it out every single time.
What is the worst act of treason you have committed?|I helped the Stormcloaks.
Those who have tried acid, what was your best trip like?|Long long time ago. My wife at the time played soccer and I occasionally tagged along to cheer her on in the stands. I hate soccer but seeing her play and all the other wonen made it worth it. Anyways, she invites me along for a day where many teams have many matchups for a cup of sorts (forgot specifics). Halfway in I dropped some acid while on the stands. There were 3 different matches going on that slowly morphed into one. Imagine a soccer field with 66 girls (read lesbians) run around on a small field. It was the best. It ended we me freaking out that I pissed my pants (which I didn't) because I thought I didn't go to the bathroom (which I did).
Yakuza gang sends you their bill, which they demand you to pay. What do you do?|Pay the fucking bill and mind my own Businesses
What is in your opinion the most hilarious scene of Friends?|Joey pulling a fork out of his pocket to join Rachel and Chandler eating cheesecake off the hallway floor.
What is your favorite type of animal?|Black man.
What is the most interesting story you have about yourself?|Having an abusive and alcoholic father, who died when I was just 12 Been working since I was 12 Lucking into a great company at age of 20 Lucking into a great marriage at 28 Being misdiagnosed with pink eye, and eventually needing a cornea transplant Winning a car in 2009; winning a car in 2011.
What is your least favorite word?|The bird. The bird is the word.
What's different about American Schools compared to non-American schools?|School meals, we don't do that over here.
A gas attack makes you and everyone in your city incapable of lying. How does it change your daily life?|I would answer a lot of questions with questions. It's not lying to change the subject is it?
People who hate Taylor Swift, why?|She looks like what would happen if aliens made a prototype sexbot to take over the earth
According to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs then sex is a basic human needs. But how do that reflect those of us who are asexual and aromatic with no sex drive?|Maslows theory isn't empiracle
People who believe that the earth is flat what are your reason?|This is how god intended it.
What was the worst pain you have ever experienced?|Anal probing during my alien abduction
Why or why not is this site really filled with teenagers?|Not just teens. Because Reddit has everything for everyone.
What stereotype in your profession do you break?|I’m way more cultured than the average construction worker.
What is one small thing that you think everyone should experience in their life ?|Salmon and chips! http://cockneykings.ca/ Bud Light Lime (beer) Winning a contest or raffle
Have you ever prefaced a question with ‘Asking for a friend’ and actually were? What was the question?|"I was trying to wingman for a friend at the pub, a group of maybe 4-5 people and this one really cute girl, so I went over, struck up a conversation and asked for her number ""but asking for a friend."""
Should one hand out there cv to places that are not currently hiring in the hopes that they will be considered should a vacancy open up? Why/why not?|Doesn't hurt. Some places keep them on file and actually use them as a bank of potential employees, some don't.
What is your favorite hidden gem video game?|"Realm of the Mad God, but I don't suggest you get into it if you're not willing to pour days and days of work into the game. It's one of the hardest MMO games I've ever played, heavily skewed to the P2W and with perma-death, sometimes dying on a character you've worked on for so long can be really frustrating...
but the ""Grind, Die, Repeat"" and the actual difficulty of the game makes it so addictive."
What is the funniest joke you made to your neighboors?|Moved in
People who have had a sudden substantial increase in income, what impact did it have on your life?|My income increased
What were your experiences with having braces on top teeth only?|Hurts quite a bit for a few days each time they get tightened, so soft food recommended then. Also the wires can cut into your cheeks at the back, but you can either cover the wires in this silicone stuff they give you or wait till the cuts scar over and they don’t bother you that much.
What's the trashiest thing that you have witnessed?|Bella Thorne
For publicity, you decide to send something into space. What is it, and what song accompanies it?|A Moby Huge. Accompany the takeoff with Flight of the Valkary's
College students who never go to your classes, why?|Cause I was depressed
What invention took longer than it should have, to be discovered ?|Buttons.  The ancient Greeks and Romans just wrapped their clothes or pinned them together.
Where is a place someone with social anxiety could show up alone and not feel completely out of place?|A library. It's pretty much the perfect place to be alone without people expecting you to talk or interact with others.
what luxury is not as cool as it appears?|Heated bathroom tiles. Literally.
What do people overestimate?|The power of the force
How often would you use a smartphone application that gives you a more efficient way to quantify time?|Sounds like a waste of time TBH.
What makes you happy when life seems to let you down?|Neopets
How can you be both insecure and narcissistic at the same time?|Being constantly insecure of your appearance IS narcissistic. It shows you care too much about how people see you and what you look like.
Redditors, what your most embarrassing moment?|During a presentation in my junior year of college I was sooooooooo nervous and my voice shook every time I spoke. I choked on the whole thing....so embarrassing...
How would the plot of 1994s 'Independence Day' be different, if Trump were the president?|Literally the only difference would be that he can't fly a plane
Is weight loss guaranteed when you have colon cancer?|Are you going to try and contract colon cancer?
Hey ladies, are there any tips you can give a guy who wants to flirt with an older woman?|Don’t mention her age.
Redditors, this is a safe, judgment free zone - what are you really salty about?|My inability to help people when they're clearly in need of it. I get it's not something small, but I still get salty about it.
If you could customize the he sound and smell of one bodily function of yours, what would you pick and how would it sound and smell?|Farts would go silent and smell like eau de cologne.
What can one expect from an interview that takes place at that persons apartment?|Most likely you are going to end blowing the guy
What are the real harms of getting him vaccinated?|The possibility of contributing to eradicating a potentially deadly disease.
For weeks on end, OP's been working this sub harder than his wife's nipples. When's the climax?|I actually enjoy McDonalds salads.
Why or why not is this site really filled with teenagers?|Not just teens. Because Reddit has everything for everyone.
What is a potato?|Bland shit
What are some unethical high school life hacks?|Teachers are easy to manipulate if they like you. Also if you’re a dude who can cry on command that can be handy.
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?|LotR
Dogs of reddit. Why do you eat dead animals in the road instead of dragging it to safety?|Bark.
What food do you binge a lot on?|Chicken Lollipops. No its not lollipop that tastes like chicken. Its basically chicken wings except its crispy and less saucy and more garlic-y. This place near my campus serves them cheap. Great for movie nights ! https://www.yummytummyaarthi.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/1-39.jpg
"What is a ""Conspiracy Theory"" you actually believe and why?"|That girls pants pockets are super shitty and worthless to force them to buy purses.
Identical twins, what are your unusual, or creepy stories about being identical?|"It's not really creepy nor unusual, but my grandmother always cries when she sees me because ""you two are so similar""."
Hey dweebs, what's a school-yard insult that you never hear anymore?|Eat my shorts
Get it off your chests! What have you lied about on Reddit?|Just made this account so no lying yet but I will grow in time.
What's the best way to move on from a long-term relationship?|I am dying to hear the answers..
Which Celebrity has the perfect body in your opinion?|margot robbie
What company infuriates you the most?|anything big pharma ... and comcast
What's something that you don't need a lot of in order to be happy in life?|Problems
What legitimately innocent thing did you get yelled at/reprimanded for that sticks with you to this day?|"When I was in P4, I got detention along with 3 other people for not doing a homework. We were told ""Under no circumstance are you to leave this room"". The teacher left the room and, at the end of break, they were doing this thing for charity where they'd all release balloons. Instead of the teacher coming to get us, she sent a kid from another class. The other two left. Me? I was too afraid of getting in trouble from the fact it wasn't the teacher herself that I stayed. When they got back, I had the absolute face screamed off me. Took me outside, while in tears, and took a photo of me releasing the balloon and put it up beside the photo of the whole class. All because I was told not to leave ""under any circumstance"" and I obeyed that because it was a kid I didn't know that told me to leave. I, to this day, think I did nothing wrong there."
What's the most ridiculous question someone has asked on r/AskReddit?|>What's the most ridiculous question someone has asked on r/AskReddit?
Who is your favorite conqueror fake or real?|Gengis Khan - the John Wayne version.  They even called it *The Conqueror*.
what moral code did a friend break that made you stop trusting them?|Worked together, after he gave me poorly translated orders from the boss, and the boss abused me about it, he quietly backed away. Now I don't trust him cos either he can't take responsibility or back up his mates, or he was intentionally mistranslating orders to get me in shit. Either way he's essentially dead to me
Directors and managers of reddit, what are ways to gain your approval in the workplace ?|sending nudes
What's the darkest period of life you've survived?|The night time
"Type ""Sorry, I can't make it tonight, I"" and let your keyboard's suggested words do the rest. What's your excuse for not coming?"|Sorry I can't make it tonight, I don't think it was great to be a babysitter and that's what I'm gonna end up being
What human behavior will you never understand?|Spending money to watch a bunch of people run around a field chasing a ball, and then getting sad/angry because the wrong people caught the ball too much.
Joggers of Reddit, what are you running away from?|An early death or whatever.
What is it about MILFs?|They're women you'd like to have sex with, who happen to have had children.
What is the unluckiest thing that has ever happened too you?|I've been a target for birds to poop on, rn I've been hit 14 times and counting. Yay me!
What is your daily morning routine?|Wake up, contemplate life, go to campus, get coffee, and go to class.
Who is the most famous person to have randomly liked, commented, or retweeted you on Twitter?|Kimmel
Programmers of reddit, what do movies always get wrong about hacking? And what does 'real' hacking actually look like?|Lapses in judgement and falling for phishing attempts.
You can bring back someone to life to share their wisdom. Apart from Adolf, who do you choose and why?|Hitler
What everyday activity should be an Olympic event?|Getting the USB drive in on the first try.
What's wrong with murdering someone if no one cares about him?|removing the possibility of someone caring for him?
What is the unluckiest thing to happen to you?|When I was 11, my cousin and I got into an ATV accident. We crashed into a telephone pole. She died at 15. Nothing was the same after that.
Girls of Reddit, what are the cringiest things guys do?|I mean just look at /r/whiteknighting, /r/niceguys, /r/Braincels etc etc.
What would you wish on your worst enemy?|Nothing
If the USA gets into military conflict with North Korea, when and what happens?|Murica wipes the floor with them, North Korea are a long way off as advanced as they think they are and that is a mile behind where the USA are.
Where's the quietest place you've ever been?|Top of Whistler mountain
Whats the difference between having needs and being needy?|Being needy usually means you want something.
What's the highest amount you've owed on a tax return and did you expect it?|About $5000.  Completely unexpected.  We had inherited quite a bit of money the previous year and hired someone to do our taxes since they were pretty complicated.  He told us that everything related to the inheritance was on the previous year's taxes.  It wasn't.
What's your go to mobile game?|Go plane
What would be the best book to send into deep space to potentially be found by intelligent aliens ( other than The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy)?|Catch 22
Why don't we let sick people die? Wouldn't people be healthier if all the healthy people spread their genes?|i have a cold, guess its the slaughterhouse for me
What’s the most worrying thing a friend/family member has ever said to you?|“Splatterman27, I could graduate college, get a well paying job, a beautiful wife then raise a family and die happy . . . Or oh baby I could overdose on LSD and die just as happy”
"What movie is ""so good its bad""?"|thats not a thing
One selfless act you have done in your life which you are proud of?|Contributed monthly, for 18 years, to my 2 nephews college funds; they each get $9,000 from me when they turn 18!
What would be the weirdest thing you could find or have found in the middle of a forest?|Stairs.
What technology is already at peak and would not change so much for the next 100 years?|Maybe like the hammer
It's February y'all. How are those New Year's resolutions going?|the res is to lost 100 lbs. 120 more to go.
Stardock object desktop good or bad? It affects when u playing games?|wrong suub...  you probably want /r/pcmasterrace daily simple questions thread.
Do you guys think, that if you die in Canada you also die in real life and why?|no canada is fake
What event would you like to see removed from either the Summer or Winter Olympics?|the long distance sob story competition
How do blind people know when to stop wiping?|When the toilet paper is dry
What class would you teach if you could?|Maybe a class of Greek Mythology. It's probably one of the few things I can speak about for hours and can study and remember.
If war were to happen today, how would it differ from wars of the past?|We'd all be nuked before we set foot in eachothers countries
What event would you like to see added or readded to the Olympics?|Professional hockey players
You can send one note to yourself, anytime in the past; but there is only space for 10 characters. What do you write, and when do you send it to?|Rise Above
All people of Reddit, what makes Reddit so special or great for you?|Nothing
People of Reddit, Are you willing to kill someone random for $5M? why and why not?|Does it have to be random? Like what if it’s somebody in China? Then I have to make travel arrangements, figure out how to find the guy because once I get there I bet I’ll realize China is a lot bigger than I think it is, then yada yada yada. Just sounds like a real hassle or whatever.
Gullible people of Reddit, what's the most outrageous thing you've believed?|I once believed that my ex was a decent human being with a soul. But oh boy was I way off the f*cking mark there or whatever.
What lesser known facts are legitimately fascinating?|That one of the eight tentacles of a male octopus is actually its penis. They rip it off and give it to the female so she can impregnate herself, then it grows back.
What are times you messed with people using technology?|Shortly after an internal redecoration of most of our office building, about half of the people got a new electrically height-adjustable desk. We (local IT dept) found out that the connector connecting the control buttons of those desks to their control boxes, were standard RJ45 (network cable) plugs. So naturally, we decided to patch each desk (both control panel and control box) to available network wall outlets, and in doing so, reroute each control panel to the control box of a random desk through our server room (directly from wall outlet to wall outlet, so no network switches involved). The result was impressively awesome: as soon as the first person tried to adjust his desk, some random other desk would shift in heigt, resulting in the owner of that desk trying to readjust it back, in turn inadvertently adjusting some other poor bastard's desk, and so on and so forth. End result: a chain reaction of total mayhem, us rolling on the floor laughing, and at the end statistically about 50% of the desks in their lowest position and 50% in their highest position.
What is reddit gold?|If i get it, ill report back here. Someone, for OPs sake!
What was the biggest craze/fad/trend about when you were a child?|TMNT
Hushed people of Reddit, what’s in your NDA?|A bunch of super interesting stuff that I'm not allowed to talk about.
What is something that people eat because they think it’s healthy, but it’s not?|Not eat but drink: Most fruit juices I understand contain lots of sugar but little to no fiber. That is not a healthy combination.
You find a naughty magic lamp and the genie grants you 3 NSFW wishes, what do you wish for?|More wishes
Do you associate any specific emotions or experiences with rain? If so, what emotions and/or experiences are they?|Peace and calm
Drug Dealers: How do you recruit new customers?|My old roommate just relied on word of mouth. If your product is good enough, people find you.
What’s your favorite definition on urban Dictionary ?|Ket wig. Look it up.
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever done in school?|"End of second year in high school, I attached book socks to my feet and went over to one of my friends, a guy who used an electric wheelchair. I gripped the back and said, ""Drive!"" And we took off at the end of the day with my sliding behind him.  It went great until he entered the library, which had floor carpet. The minute that carpet came into contact with the book sock I dead-stopped and fell down as he dragged me on the wheelchair.  It was a great time I'll never forget."
What happened in your early childhood that you are still salty about?|I opened the window of my uncles car when we were in the middle of an automatic car wash.
What are some good examples that show how statistics can be manipulated to show what you want?|Read any article in a reputed journal, look at the graphs, and read the methodology. in over 80% of results, something does not add up.
What's the worst name you could give to your kid?|"Hitler    
      
Runner up: Kanye West"
When did you screw everything up, but no one ever found out it was you?|Nice try, mom!
Who has the most innocent-looking face on a dangerous criminal?|Ted Bundy.
What is something a guy did / say that made you fall for him instantly?|He drew the same symbol I drew on a plastic glass to mark that glass as mine.
What would you do in a second, if only it wasn't illegal?|Buy a modern automatic weapon. The ban on new ones and the short supply of old ones has made them prohibitively expensive.
[Nsfw]What's your catchphrase? when do you say it?|"1: ""That's-a spi-cy meat-ball!""  
2: Never."
Those of you who didn't graduate with honors, how did that turn out for you and how do you think it might have turned out if you had?|Graduated college with a sub-3.0 GPA six years ago Currently in the 28% tax rate bracket ($91,901 to $191,650 income) as a single filer, so I can't complain. If I had graduated with honors, perhaps I wouldn't have had to work as hard to find my first job, but that's about it.
What's the best kid logic you've ever heard?|"""left"" and ""right"" are reversed for left-handed people."
What’s your celebrity sighting story?|My step mom accidentally smashed into Stephen King's shopping cart with hers one time when we were shopping.  It was exactly the same as if she had done it another complete stranger, she apologized he laughed and we moved on.
Parents of hot girls, what's it like? And which shotgun do you use to scare away guys?|My grandpa used to run a large hog farm.  He saved one of his old castrating knives and gave it to me as a gift when my first daughter was born.  So while I do have a couple of shotguns, I'll probably use that.
When did browsing a bit too deep and far into the internet woods leave you feeling ashamed or in need of a shower?|I wondered how messed up porn could get.. The Jesse Rogers gangbang was as far as I got. Can't unsee that.
What is your favourite mobile game and what is it about?|Plague Inc, develop a pathogen to try and wipe out humanity before they find a cure.
what makes you happy?|Collecting imaginary internet points
What was your irrational fear as a child?|I thought those mounted moose heads at my grandparent's house had the rest of the moose behind the wall, and if I looked at it the wrong way it'd bust through and attack me
What are some unwritten rules?|Sorry, I don't think it would be right to write them here.
What's one impulse purchased that you still regret?|Buying over $100 worth of planswalkers(magic the gathering) for no reason in particular.
What are your 2 truths and 1 lie?|My name's Michael, my name's mike, my name's mikey
Those of you who landed a job you knew little to nothing about how did that go and how are you doing now?|I don't know.
Lucid dreamers, can you have sex if so how is it?|no becase you will jizz on your sheets DD:::::::::~~~
What relationship advice do you need right now?|How do I get in a relationship
What advice would you give virgin you?|One of you has gotta move at some point. Don't just stick it in and lay there.
Which movie has the best soundtrack?|Donnie Darko
If you were held at gun point and told that if you didn’t impress them with your dance moves you would be killed, what dance moves would you bust out?|I would just have to be killed
What stopped you from ending your life?|Being happy
Which news channels are better at reporting the news accurately?|My Go-TO news source is always NPR. I always feel like they are providing the news and allowing me to draw my own conclusion. Of course all news stations have a bias.
Uni students of reddit, what's the most desperate or extreme thing you've done because of university?|"* Slept in my car for a week cause I couldn't afford the gas to go back home when I commuted.
* Got stranded in my dorm for two weeks due to a freak snow storm that shut the entire county down (legally not allowed on roads) and got reeeeally into dnd with my roommates.
* Ran on 3 hours of sleep for 3 days to finish my senior design when I discovered that one of my partners hadn't finished his part. (he failed, I passed)
* Learned how to code by myself to help me finish some projects?
* Spent an extra year and a half with no financial help since all my grants ran out, took out an extra 30k in private loans to do so.
* Met with a therapist to help fight depression after being forced to by my friends."
What’s half the size you thought it would be when you finally saw it?|The Alamo.
What's your hangover cure?|Mimosas and bacon.
What is the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?|my girlfriend
What is something that you are way below average at or in?|Car maintenance, interpersonal relationships, my life.
What did you spend your allowance on when you were younger?|I actually saved all mine up. My dad had a deal with me and my siblings - he'd match whatever we put into the bank up till our first withdrawal. So I decided to milk it for all it was worth. From the time I was five till the time I was 16, I didn't spend my allowance at all, just deposited it in the bank.
Redditors of 35+ years old, what is the most valuable advice you have gotten in your life?|"""Follow the money""."
what games should be included in the absurd Olympic games?|"* Obnoxious Food Chewing
* Pen Clicking During Meeting
* Cubicle Nail Clipping"
Reddit how do you entertain yourself when sick?|reddit
What catastrophe did you BARELY escape from?|landslide
What are some good ideas of gifts for valentines day?|You cannot fail with homemade burgers for your partner ^^
People who have been stranded somewhere, how did it happen and how did you get out of it?|"In 1994, I was driving through Ohio and my car kept overheating.  It was a Sunday and there wasn't a phone book at the pay phone, but I managed to get a AAA operator to give me the numbers of several truck rental outlets.  I got through on the third one I tried. So I told the guy I needed to rent a truck and he told me he was closed and was just in the office doing some bookkeeping.  I persisted and explained that I'd like him to go to another rental place and pick up a car dolly (he didn't have one) and bring them both to me at this truck stop.  He laughed and said they didn't deliver. I allowed as how I understood that it wasn't his normal business practice, but I had a nice $50 bill that was his if he could rescue me.  He told me he'd be there in about 30 minutes.  I saw the truck approach the parking lot and ran over to flag him to my car.  When he pulled up and opened the door to get out, I handed him the fifty.  He said, ""I like the way you do business"", and we got to work on hooking my car up. Then we went to his office to do the paperwork on the rental and put my credit card through his embosser thingy and I was on my way home to Missouri."
Recruiting coaches if Reddit, what is the biggest opportunity someone you were trying to recruit blew?|Not a recruiter but saw this all unfold like a movie. Freshman year this kid is the next Steve Nash playing on the varsity team. Sophomore year gets full of himself. Junior year every D1 college wants him. Senior year, week of graduation, this kid steals a car and drives it into a cornfield... all while drunk. Then gets banned from our senior party and shows up drunk in another stolen car.  He now sells cars in a very small town.
How would you personally define ethics and moral?|Simple: Never do anything to someone, that you wouldn't like to be done to you.
What movie/show was better than its book, comic, or manga and why?|The book of Midnight Cowboy is all but unreadable whereas the movie is one of the greats
What necessary task of everyday life do you hate?|Doing my hair. It's so tedious and it never looks as cute as I want it too.
"Current and ex-military people, what was the greatest example of ""tax money down the drain"" you saw while serving?"|"the Afghan war is going on 17 years and no one has a clue what ""victory"" even means much less how to achieve it."
What are some countries to survive the next ice age without them barely noticing that it is happening?|Australia is warm 65% of the year.
What does the world think of India and Indians?|The designated pooping streets are the first thing that come to mind.
Older redditors, have sex somehow changed since you were younger?|Back in my days it was uphill both ways.
Which celebrities seem genuinely happy with their lives?|They're rich and can get laid whenever they like.
What are some books that (accidentally) predicted some parts of the future?|The Predictions of Nostradamus.
What do you think is the best way to increase birth rates in a low birth rate country?|Create incentives to have children like tax deductions
What are the most oddly specific subreddits, SFW or otherwise?|/r/WtWFotMJaJtRAtCaB
What happened in your dream last night?|Some crazy girl kept coming into my flat at uni with a knife screaming random shit and I had to defend my flat from her
What would an alien reading Reddit think is extremely common but is something you have never/rarely experienced in your life?|Mine are: Flat-Earthers. I'm convinced this is the internet fucking with me. I have never encountered anybody that doesn't know that the Earth is 'round.'  Being rude to waiters. I've never ever seen anyone click fingers or shout to wait-staff. I've never seen a huge scene in a restaurant. (Admittedly I've never worked in one, just been a customer.) People who are extremely vocal about gender identity/politics. I've rarely (if ever) met anybody not cis-gendered. *If* I have, and not realised (of course I may well have met somebody who is very private about their gender identity) they have certainly not been in the least bit vocal about it. I have never been asked to use a pronoun other than the 'conventional' ones.
"What's the 2018 version of ""My Dad went to buy some smokes and never came back""?"|My dad went to buy some vape juice and never came back.  Good riddance.
Gamers, what was a game that used to have a great community, but doesn't anymore?|Dark Souls. With each iteration it moved on to a new subreddit and new forums, but after the last DS3 DLC the community basically slowed to stagnancy. I'm HOPING the remaster brings the community back together.
What are you excited for this year?|I’m in the process of planning a holiday to America for one month. Haven’t decided which month yet, since I need approval from my boss.
What are the best coupon codes for online shopping?|SUMMER100 has always been one of my favourites. I also have a soft spot for XXHJMMLL
Whats the point of those silver guys on the street?|I'd like to know too
Hey reddit,When you were little, what did you want to be?|A painter. No idea why, in retrospect.
Sexually active people of Reddit who are also descriptive story tellers, what is the kinkiest hottest thing that ever happened to you which aligns well my fetishes?|I'm really good at getting someone off without explaining necessary context
What's worse than getting your dick caught in your braces? And how do you know?|I mean, it's pretty grand in itself that you're flexible enough to get your dick caught in your braces! Glass half full, buddy, glass half full.
Before you knew any better, how did you think sex worked? (NSFW)|before seeing gay porn for the first time, I assumed that guys just rubbed their dicks against each other.
What is the best way to feel energised without Coffee/Energy Drinks?|Water. Drink water
What is your sexuality's spirit animal?|The Sugar Glider
What should have been a scandal but wasn't?|When the fifth dentist was caught chewing Dentyne gum!
"What's the best ""not for children"" moment/joke in children's entertainment?"|"The ""competition in the bedroom"" joke from Robin William's Mrs. Doubtfire."
What seemingly harmless thing can become addicting?|Video games!!!
(Males only) How was your day?|i’m a female, it’s going great
What's the best case of well behaved children you've ever seen?|In a movie theater, not kicking my seat..
Hey Reddit, what was the most unusual car in your HS parking lot?|Mine, 73 super beetle. Class of 2008
Has the tv show “How it’s Made” ever come to your workplace? How did it go?|I have a service based job, not manufacturing. If they wanted to know how tax returns are made I don't think people'd watch that.
How can one learn to let loose and be less introspective and serious all the time?|Take psychedelics. At least once before you die.
Troll people of reddit, Where do you troll and why?|Wherever I can get the most downvotes. Because I'm bored.
What's something that's completely reasonable when talking about fonts, but ridiculous out of context?|"""I like the D's bending. It looks very nice and smooth."""
What is the most genius way to cheat on a exam that you have done?|I’m not telling you. You might be a teacher..lol
What's your favorite childhood memory?|Probably the “family days” we had. Every so often when my father was free from work, we would have a day out in the city and just eat nice food and watch a movie or something. Now I’m much older and I don’t see my father much anymore.
What are some funny town names?|Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. 'Nough said
People who insist on asking someone if they have a headache when you see them take aspirin/tylenol: Why do you do this?|Because what if they have aids?
How do you continue a conversation when people start talking about how much they hate their job when you love yours?|if they are my friend, then i listen to them and it makes me appreciate that fact that I love mine
"What is the ""incident"" that happened at your high school that made the news, or tons of local gossip?"|Highschool student sent a video of herself masturbating with a hotdog to her boyfriend, and when they broke up he shared the video with people. She killed herself and then the cops came and talked to everyone about the video being child porn.
What's the thing your spouse/SO has ever been the maddest at you about?|She tells me she doesn't usually get mad easily. I'm sure I'll find something though
What's the worst adult tantrum you've seen?|Trump complaining.
How is your pet a loveable derp?|"Friend next to me: ""I don't know if this makes it a derp, but my cat thinks I'm a scratching post."" Me: My cat is Garfield. Eat, Sleep, and do nothing else."
What is a great kept secret about your town?|This is an impossible question to answer.  If we told the secret it would no longer be a 'kept secret'.
What now obsolete technology do you miss the most and why?|"Friend next to me: Tomagachi.
Me: Polaroids.The camera. EDIT: stepped up my spelling."
Redditors,when the teacher ask a question but you are trying to avoid eye contact but why?|Because I didn’t want to be called on to answer the question if I don’t know the answer
What's the funniest way you've inadvertently helped someone else get laid?|So, at a friends wedding, I was attracted to one of the bridesmaid's.  Well, apparently she was so mortified at the idea that she started flirting with and hanging around one of the other groomsmen, initially as a signal to me.  One thing led to another, and the two of them hooked up and later got married.
What’s your favorite song?|"My friend sitting next to me: Ultra Necrozma's theme from Ultra Sun and Moon. 
Me: Paradise by the Dashboard Light."
What's the weirdest thing you've experienced or witnessed in a public toilet?|There was a woman talking on the phone on the toilet, and I thought she was talking to me. So I answered all her questions. When she hang up her phone I realised she wasn't talking to me and I ran out.
What is something you to credit for but had nothing or very little do to do with?|Putting a man on the moon or any other national accomplishment that I had absolutely nothing at all to do with
Reddit, what's the last mistake you have learned from?|If you don't practice before something (exam, performance, game etc), it will surely make a difference. Just keep on practicing no matter how easy it is. Who knows.
Gun owners of reddit what is your favorite gun and why?|Love gun
Who recognised as the smart one amongst your siblings and why?|According to grades and academics, it would be me.  According to life choices and decisions, probably my younger sister. She seems more secure and stable with her life choices, while I’m having a sort of existential crisis.
Hi Reddit! Have any of you legally changed your name other than through marriage? If so, why?|Well my dad left when I was 2; didn't know him or that side of my family so when I was 10 my mom changed my last name from his to hers. I was very happy to have the same last name as all the family I knew :)
If you adopted a giant, how would you raise him from toddlerhood to adulthood?|I'd probably train him up to be a groundskeeper/beast master
Who (real or fictional character) was the very first object of your affection that you can remember?|For me, it was Donatello from tnmt. I would dream about him reaching me from some.tower and kissing me. I was like 6 max
Why does Charlie Puth's last name sound lika a russian cuss word?|I don't think it sounds like a cuss word; but sounds gross to me.
How many fights does it take to consider yourself a legitimate tough guy?|It's not about how many fights you get into, it's about how many fights you stop.
What's the wildest thing you've done this week?|stayed up past my bedtime
What did you learn way too late in life?|Now is the moment to be the person you've wanted to be.
How popular is Reddit in your country?|Meh not very
What is something that most people realize they are doing right?|Breathing.
What is the weirdest or grossest thing you've found in your freezer?|A Lego dinosaur in a block of ice
100 years from now, your picture is on the Google Doodle on your birthdate - Why?|Because the sacred ritual had completed and I summoned the Dark Duckthulhu to protect all waterfowl from their noisy human neighbors.
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?|"Address of soulmate. Screw the ""meaning of life"", I don't need to know it."
Like getting out of a warm bed or shower on a cold day, what are some simple tasks that are hard to do?|Doing the dishes. For me it takes seconds or at least a very few amount of minutes but sometimes I just can't be bothered.
If WW3 were to happen, how would it differ from WW1 & 2?|It'd be the 3rd one.
What's a joke you told that you wish was more well received?|My life
You have a budget of $50 at a Target/Walmart type store, and a stipulation that you can only purchase one of any item you buy (but you can buy multiple different items). Your goal is to make the cashier laugh at group of things you're buying - what do you choose?|Laxatives, adult diapers, toilet paper and air freshener.
Medical professionals of reddit, what are some remedies that a lot of people use but are completely useless?|"Cancer remedies are useless. 
Homeopathy is useless
Bio-resonance is useless"
Why is Trump such a horrible ass?|He’s a con man. It’s in his nature
If you could have one super power, what would it be?|Deciding what super power I can have
Reddit, What's the most thoughtful Valentine's day gift you've received? OR gave someone?|A half day at the local spa, including a full massage, and had all the laundry done before she got home.
People of Reddit, what's the funniest thing you've witnessed in person?|I was in the backside of BFE once and out of nowhere this large, probably 350+ lb, man on a minibike came flying out of the woods. He was shirtless, wearing overalls that had been cutoff into shorts, and was barefoot. He had a flowing mane of hair and a smile across his face like he knew the happiness to life. He proceeded to gun the throttle and hit a dirt hill with precision you'd see from motocross pros. Just the look of this redneck flying through the air had me in tears.
Redditors who got back together with your ex, how long were you apart? Why did you get back together? Was it a success?|Uhhh, I think it was two weeks? We got back together because she still wanted to be friends. Which we were being just fine, truth be told. One day, though, we were at the mall and somehow ended up holding hands. And then later we were watching GotG and she at one point kissed me. We broke up again maybe 4 months later. So it didn't last.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?|Nothing
Military servicemen/women of reddit, whats the battlefield experience you will never forget?|Colleague opened fire into an I.R.A. child killers funeral gathering outside of his house, things quickly descended into full scale rioting for about 8 days afterwards, it was intense.
What's a book that you just COULD NOT put down?|*Beat the Reaper* by Josh Bazell. Former hitman turned doctor.
Why are publics schools' policies toward bullying often such nonsense, such as punishing the victim as well?|"Schools aren't actually interested in stopping bullying, they just wanna make it seem like they do. The most effort that ever goes into actual prevention of bullying is whatever the teachers and school counsellor do. And when you may deal with dozens of cases daily it becomes too much and you become unable to actually do anything about it. It's much easier to ""raise awareness"" about bullying and showing videos in class than it is to attack the social root of the problem."
If you found a book with your life story in it, would you read it? Why or why not?|Yeah. The curiosity of not knowing would tear at me.
"What's your favorite SCENE from ""The Office""?"|When Dwight cuts the face off the cpr dummy
Dear theists-turned-atheists, and atheists-turned-theists, what makes you believe in your new beliefs?|For me there was always some kind of presence, something looking out for me, but then I was like 14 and horrifically depressed and I realised that I was all alone and no body cared
What technological advances are you looking forward to this year?|I don't actually know if it's coming out this year. I just know that the FDA approval period should have allowed it to come out by now. It's possible it's this year. Glyx-13 (Repastinel) is a new type of anti-depressant which was shown to be beneficial for treatment resistant depression. They are also excited for the benefits it might have to Schizophrenia and other conditions of that sort.  The drug was developed based on Ketamine (the anesthetic) which is used as a street drug. Doctors knew it was good for depression when they realized suicide victims would rebound in their outlook and mood instantly after being given Ketamine (usually after a surgery) So researchers figured out a way to make a medication for depression which works on the same neurotransmitter (a whole new kind for depression) but without the hallucinogenic side-effects typically found with Ketamine.  The drug is being looked at as the biggest jump in mental health treatment since the SSRI. It's seriously exciting and as someone who dealt with depression for over a decade, I have to wonder if this is the miracle that I've been waiting for.
What is the next thing Elon Musk is going to send into space and how?|An enormous safe full of his investors' money.
Muslims of Reddit, how would Islam react if there was a Church of Iblīs?|I'm not sure you're aware or not, but the Islamic faith is an Abrahamic faith, based on the same God as the Jewish faith and Christian faith.  The only difference between them are the names. So, they already have a Church of Iblis.  It's the Church of Satan.
What's super funny, but only when it happens to someone else?|Somebody hopelessly mucking up on a task that they said they'd be an expert on... if it doesn't circle around to be utterly annoying, that is.
When is it a good time to invest in the sock market?|When you start having lots of mismatched pairs or missing socks from the washer.
People who buy the turbo tax software instead of just going to the website, why?|Doesn't TurboTax not let you actually file through the free software? I remember I used another program and had to pay quite a bit to file federal + 2 states
If there were a stock market for artists who would you invest in?|"I would invest in Travis Scott, that dude about to drop Astroworld, plus he's part of the Kardashian family. His ""stock"" would already but it would be going up."
What died out without anyone noticing?|Your mother
If you were a scam artist, what scams would you run?|If sell Gucci watches that I make
What tv series has you hooked right now?|Riverdale.
what is your dogs or cats name?|Basic password/security code phishing :v)
People who have been online since the 90's, what mysteries from the early days of the internet are still unsolved?|I want to know what happened to all the chatrooms from those days. You can't even find a reference to most of them on today's net.
What alcoholic beverage do you stay away from at all costs? What happened to make you feel that way about it?|Beer. I just don't like beer.
What shit did you get away with as a kid that you feel guilty about now?|"I remember putting rocks in another kid's lunchbox and somehow getting caught. When they asked me if anyone else had been in on it I gave them a name even though nobody else had been involved. I have no explanation
 I suppose I was trying to dilute the blame."
Long distance couples, how did it feel when you first got physical with your SO?|Unrelated, gonna tell my family about my LDR tomorrow and I'm anxious... :(
Considering so many people go on with diseases for extended periods of time unnoticed, why aren't monthly or bimonthly regular check ups common? Are they expensive or something?|Expensive? Maybe not. But not everyone can afford a monthly fee for something they think they can live without. And if it does start happening, I expect the turnout would be pretty low.
On the first day of ruling the world, what would you do?|I`d build a wall, a wall sooo big, and so thick, nothing, I mean nothing can get thought it folks!
Reddit, have you ever ended up somewhere you shouldn't be, how did it turn out?|I once hung out at a park after they'd closed the gate. My friends and I swung all night. Frick the police and heck anyone who disagrees.
What's the worst possible pickup line you heard/know?|Dayum gurl, are you sitting on the F5 key? Cuz dat ass is refreshin! Usual response: What?
What word is always difficult for you to pronounce?|I realised a few months ago that I have been saying 'archive' wrong my whole life. I was pronouncing the 'ch' as it sounds in 'chair'.  R-Chive I'm 25
Gamers of Reddit, which game were you really hyped up for, but was completely let down by?|Grid Autosport. Hyped it for having multi-discipline cars, like Open Wheels, Touring and stuff, but the gameplay and the poor cockpit camera ruined the game. Had a lot of potential. Thankfully Codemaster redeemed themselves with Dirty Rally and F1 2016/2017.
Introverts of Reddit, how do you get out of a situation you’ve agreed to be in, in the first place?|"""Oh hang on I'm going for a cig."" Never go back."
What are some habbits a 21 year old should begin to develop?|Keep yourself fit. If you start early, it will become less of a hassle later on. A lot of work requires an element of physical fitness so it will help if you already have the groundwork laid.
What were you thinking about when you fell asleep last night?|“his breathing is so soothing”
What’s your worst habbit that always makes you embarrassing?|Procrastination
What super embarrassing thing did someone else do that you'll never forget?|"I was in a Disneyland bathroom stall. The man in the adjacent stall was in the midst of a serious poop struggle. While the ambient hum of the bathroom may have drowned out the plop, it did not silence his exclamation: ""Jesus Christ, that thing is huge."" This was already loud enough to be uncomfortable for everyone. Then, a second voice: ""Wow, Dad."""
Why has there been a rise in nationalism in several countries?|Well we can't just go straight to killing each other before establishing 'teams'. It's hard to kill other people just like you, unless you think they are oh so different.
What is the most effective way to figure out a person's weaknesses?|Check what type they are in the Pokedex before battle.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes, what's the dumbest thing you've ever done, and what was your stupid prize?|"When I was a kid I did the old childhood playground ""spin the merry-go-round up to speed and try to jump and grab the bar"" game. My prize was a busted up chin and stitches."
If job names were taken literally, what jobs would be very different?|Chick Sexer (Someone who determines the gender of chickens)
What is your greatest achievement?|"I once pooped in a public restroom and they had to put an out of order sign on the door when the toilet wouldn't flush. ""You see that sign? I did that."""
What's the most amazing thing that could happen within 20-40 years from now ?|Two words: _fusion_ _energy_.
Reddit, what are the most innovative ways you killed your pet fish?|Why the fuck would I kill my pet? I'm not a psychopath.
What makes you feel afraid and why ?|My lack of direction in life. Because I don’t want to be stuck like I am now the rest of my life.
What was the most beautiful view you have ever experienced?|drove 10 hours to a small town in Tennessee last summer to lay on the grass looking at the solar eclipse
What is the sluttiest thing you have ever done?|My ex
If you could be any superhero (backstory and personality included) who would it be?|Spiderman
Why do actors pretend to write things as opposed to actually writing them?|Because they're acting. It's all about pretending.
Balding Redditors : how do you deal with that shit?|shave it all off. why fight a losing battle, embrace the bald.
What is something you really need to cut out of your life?|This communist
If you could change your first name what would it be?|Trashboat
What's the best Justiceporn you've ever witnessed?|They're making marvel porn now? Smh.
What is something you can't wait to share with your kids?|Video Games.
"It's been 9 years since Matt Harding posted his first immensely popular ""Dancing"" video on Youtube. What is it about this video that makes you cry tears of joy?"|The video can be found here: https://youtu.be/zlfKdbWwruY .
What's the best way to forget someone?|Meet someone else.
What's your current screensaver?|A black screen
What has been your best moment this year (so far)?|Going to the Himalayan foothills in winter was nice. I've been there in other seasons, but stepping out of the bus and seeing the peaks capped and covered by snow was fantastic.
Those who've been caught cheating on an exam, what happened and what were the repercussions?|Not an exam, but in high school I let my entire senior class cheat off my homework for one specific class throughout the entire year. I’ve always enjoyed school, the teacher liked me, and I find cheating rules absurdly dumb most of the time, so I let them. Eventually was caught by the teacher. Was given a “don’t do that, but good job” remark when she asked to see me after class one day.  8/10 - Would do let people cheat again.
You are given 10 seconds to talk to your dog and they’ll understand you. What do you say?|How much I love him, how proud I am of how he is with the kids, and to stop eating cat poop.
What is something you've done in the past that you're ashamed of?|Shoplifting.
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever been downvoted for on Reddit?|This post.
People who park their Jeeps and trucks all crooked on an old parking lot snow bank when there is a perfectly good parking space next to you, why?|Articulation, bruh.
What is/ or should be made, idiot proof (adult proof)?|Vapes/juuls
What surprised you today?|European Parliament voted to abolish Daylight Saving Time.
What do you think about the idea of restaurants using your food leftovers to make you surprising recipes?|I'm a little concerned that they'd use old food from peoples plates and serve it to other people. The first lot could have illnesses or diseases that would be very easily spread like that.
What’s a 10/10 crime/thriller show?|True Detective season 1
What is your border crossing/passport control story?|Several times I tried to get to the edge of the Earth but they wouldn't let me get there. Obviously they are hiding something.
Who are the top 3 Metal Guitarist all-time, in order?|1- Synyster Gates. 2- Zakk Wylde. 3- Dimebag Darrell
What is a miracle that happens every day?|All of it.  The whole universe is basically an insane chunk of randomness that somehow *works*.
What are some great questions to ask on a first date?|So what's your stance on anal?
What is the weirdest/grossest thing you have ever accidentally ate?|My ex, swear that girl must've gone through pains not to clean down there when she was in the shower.
What’s something you haven’t experienced that most other people have?|being happy :')
Redditors who blur out their license plates when you post a photo of your car online: Why do you blur out your plates?|I wouldn't want some other car pretending to be my car online
What are fantastic Lovecraftian horror books to read?|Im looking for books that reach through the bounds of insanity and mayhem that humans cannot comprehend. I enjoyed Stephen king’s “revival” with how it showed the mother as a horror figure that we never know about. I want to be utterly confused by the amount of unknowing in these books. Or just have a fun read. Thanks!
Extroverts in the workplace who seek out their quiet coworkers and make their lives miserable, why do you do this?|They think they’re helping.
What is extremely valuable to you but probably worthless to most everyone else?|A teddy bear I've had since I was a baby
How could Elon Musk's Roadster cause an asteroid to come hurtling towards Earth?|Slam in to the asteroid belt, move them around, chain reaction, one gets thrown in to a path towards earth. Slams in to Tulsa OK in early 2019, nobody notices for 6 months as Tulsa is a shit hole.
What’s the most unique thing you’ve used as lube? [NSFW]|i've learned shaving cream burns your pee hole if it gets in there.
What’s the best movie that you’ve seen so far that you highly recommend to all moviegoers?|The Room. Hands down, 10/10.
What's the best tactic to get the most bang for your buck after you have damage to your car from an accident?|Are those pesky 'ethics' an issue here?
If you had to be on a reality TV show, which one would you choose?|cant i just die instead
People of Reddit,where is a saw site to get the Reddit app file for android?|So I can't access Google ATM and thus can't access Google play. Is there a trustworthy site to get the apk file for android? Also, the Imgur app would be nice. If you are so kind as to upload it yourself I would gild you save the fact I'm broke ass. Help a brutha out.
People who drive really close to the middle or the edge of the road, why do you do this?|I'm texting.
Women of Reddit: Do you consider it romantic when your SO for Valentine's Day gets you the same thing everyyear...chocolate, flowers, maybe jewelry, fancy dinner, just cause its a holiday?|I want valentines turtles.
People who have received a key to the city, what did you do to get it?|Mugged the mayor.
How does an awkward person be successful?|Through hard work and dedication
People shorter than 5 feet, what's it like to look up to everyone?|"At least, you don't have to go down on your knees to give a blowjob. In Germany we call small girls at this size ""Standgebläse"", which translates to ""Floor standing fan""."
What themes would be awesome for a fancy dress party?|"I remember my parents did a gourmet group where there were always themes and they did the 
Titanic one year and the Kentucky Derby another. Excuses to dress up fancy and drink!"
What are you thinking about right now?|that the pain is too much in my chest... even after forgiving for being cheated... the pain just won't go away...
What has been the most special time of your life so far?|My 16 bday
What is a must see movie for someone who has hardly ever watched any movies?|Easy one. The breakfast club.
Reddit, what bull shit has you pissed off this morning?|I fell on the ice last night and fucked up my left knee...
What is something that is statistically very unlikely, but you still fear?|Getting some serious disease off a mosquito bite. Fuck mosquitos!
What makes you feel afraid and why ?|The president.
What's a word that you hear or read and instantly smell the smell of it?|Pancakes
What minor inconvenience irritates you the most?|Ice on the car in the morning.
What did you recently do/try for the first time, and how was it?|I tried playing bass. Tuning, reading tabs, and playing open notes was easy, but I'm currently struggling with fretting.
Hey y'all. If you go to a party, what is your favorite munchie?|Is it the veggie tray? If so, what's the favorite, what's the worst? Hummus and chips? What chips are the best? Rare items like a chili chicken cheese dip thing? What do YOU go for? What do you avoid? Snacks and food stuff only, not drinks.
What are you passionate about? Can you explain why you are passionate about it?|eating because food is amazing
What are some websites that still have that late 90's/ early 00's feel?|http://www.heavensgate.com
Men of reddit, what's the dumbest thing you've ever done in an attempt to get laid?|Went and saw high school musical 3 -_-
What's a skill or hobby you've learnt, purely from the internet?|Mostly coding, and astrophotography.
What would be your first impression if you met your 5 year old self right now?|"Of my five year old self or my five year old self’s impression of me?  
I’m guessing five year old me would think I was very tall."
Women of Reddit.. What kind of body hair is attractive on a man? What would you consider unattractive?|It depends on the man. In general I tend to prefer less. I'm not a huge fan of chest and back hair, but I can cope with reasonable amount. I think it's kinda like a skin to hair ratio. If I can't actually see any skin on your torso, I'd rather just opt for cuddling with my dog if it's all the same.
What athlete had the greatest impact on his or her sport?|Lance Armstrong. positive and negative
You're a burglar, but instead of stealing items, you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What is your crime?|Hide the remote
What's stupidest things your parents have said?|When I first moved to Florida, I remember my parents waking me up early in the morning (by my standards at the time) to get me to look at the giant snake in the courtyard. I took one look at the snake, and told them it was a tree.
How do you begin constructing a well-thought-out argument?|Judging by current prevailing discourse, it would seem that you just string together a litany of insults.
What's the BEST behaved child you've ever encountered?|My family was eating lunch in a fast food restaurant on a trip or something and a family of two parents and four kids probably under the age of 5 come in. The kids come in and sit down at the table, don't say a word till the food gets to the table and then act like it's the nicest banquet meal with how they passed things around and with how they ate. Props to those parents.
What's one thing that everyone likes that you dislike?|Chocolate
Who is the worst teacher/professor you've had?|My pharmacy coordinator was a real bitch when I was a student. Very condescending and disrespect.
What’s your favourite episode of a television show? Why?|"El Secuestro for Archer. I feel like this episode in particular is one of the most ""coordinated"" in the series, has some really good jokes, and offers some amusing revelations about Cheryl and Pam."
What if everyone had superpowers?|But when everyone has powers, no one does
Redditor's who have gotten to see the night sky with minimal or zero light pollution, how was it, when did you get to see it?|I was in a cabin a few miles away from any road lights or town and about 150-200 miles away from any major city.  It was breathtaking. The best way I can describe it is this: in your normal night sky you see your major stars and constellations and everything appears to be black, but what you don't see with light pollution is that those apparently black areas are actually filled with tons and tons of smaller stars.  With little to no light pollution, the sky is nothing short of a starry mosaic.
Who is the most famous person you have met?|That bitch Aaron Paul.
What is the most brilliant legal tactic/maneuver in a case/trial that was successfully used?|The Chewbacca defense.
What is your favorite word to use?|##FUCK
What’s the best insult you’ve ever heard?|You function so well.
What food will you absolutely not, under any circumstances, eat?|Mayonnaise.
What is an album that you can listen to from start to finish without ever wanting to skip a track?|"De-loused in the Comatorium by The Mars Volta
Lateralus by TOOL 
Illmatic by Nas 
2014 FHD by J. Cole
GKMC by Kendrick Lamar"
how do you start a conversation?|do you like it when i helicopter dick like this?
What is something you saw your parents do to each other that you won't do to your SO?|Have kids
What is a better, more effective ice breaker than “so, what do you do?” when meeting new people? What ice breaker do you prefer to be asked? What question will draw out what the person is interested in and passionate about?|have you ever fired two guns whilst jumping through the air?
Straight women of reddit. How important is it for your significant other to be taller than you?|They just need to have a taller dick than me
If you could replace yourself with the body of one other person, who would it be?|Robocop
Men of Reddit, when have you experienced sexism?|"Lately, when I was looking for a place to live. I found a lot of places that wouldn't rent to men (people looking to rent a room out, or share a lease). I get why, but it's still BS. You couldn't put ""No whites"" or ""No filipino lady boys"""
What are some strange or unheard of hobbies?|Saving cut fingernails (I don't do it, just heard of it)
Who was the worst teacher you ever had?|Life
You’re being held captive by the government on accusations of being an alien, how do you convince them you’re from Earth?|I tell them my name is Hugh Mann and that I came here to age and metabolize and I'm all out of aging.
What's something you have to consume by the fist full?|*Ass*
Redditors, what were the small, gradual things that you did that eventually led to you losing a good amount of weight?|drinking water and going for walks more often
What the funniest moment ever from a video game?|In Harvest Moon: Save the Homeland (which is a shitty game otherwise), if your dog dies, a npc comes and like kicks your character. It straight up looks like she’s kicking him in the crotch. It may not actually be the funniest moment in a game but I just remember laughing so hard I cried when it happened because it was so unexpected.
You are transported back 100 years with no personal items. How do you prove to people that you are from the future?|‘Predict’ the holocaust
People of Reddit who had a big tiddy goth gf, how was it?|Pretty cool.
Why does it seem like floutists give the best fellatio?|It's only the flatulent philatelists who do
[NSFW] What’s your go to sexual position or move when trying to blow someone’s mind?|Usually oral.
What famous actress is really just playing her real life self in movies?|Aubrey Plaza pretty much
What do you think is totally overrated?|Water from the Nile
"You get to choose the new word for ""meme"" and everyone will use it. What is the new word?"|Moist
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever eaten? Why’d you eat it?|I drank stream water once because some friends and I were walking through a forest for a long while in Summer and I didn't bring anything to drink. As we walked I saw the stream was connected to sewage pipes. Probably ingested a million diseases in that one sip of water.
Learning to drive a car soon and looking for a good driving person thing and i don't know where to start. I live in England any advice?|> looking for a good driving person thing Instructor?
What’s a scene in a children’s movie that’s absolutely not suitable for children?|Scary tunnel from Willy Wonka.
Did your school bully ever end up making ammends/apologizing? If so, why?|Yes. After many incidents, I introduced his face to a metal railing. He was very apologetic from then on. Then we became friends. Ah, childhood.
If someone said they wanted to stop drinking coffee, what habit would you suggest to help wean them off the compulsion?|Tea. Then decaf tea.
Now that a car has been launched to pass mars, what should be fired at the rest of the planets?|Kittens? Nah. But if they don't do a Mercedes commercial over the holidays with Santa on Mars, they'll be missing an opportunity...
What is the most fun way to irresponsibly spend your tax refund in 2018?|Strip club
What was the best date you've ever been on and why was it so great?|She bought my food and let me eat some of hers too
Ebola has now become airborne but is still only in central Africa, you are the tie breaker for 2 choices, quarantine the entire continent, or bomb it till nothing lives. What do you chose?|If it's airborne neither of those options will do anything.
What is the worst/most illegal thing you or a friend have done?|"well since everything the system does is make everything illegal and taxed id say everything, remember what tacticus said, ""the more a state legislates, the more corrupt it is,"" laws and taxes are jsut ment for the poor so bankers can fuck over the world"
People who got lied to and cheated on, how did you learn to trust again?|You can't treat others poorly because of someone else's actions. You have to realize that not all people are bad. You also learn to put up many types of walls. You be come an onion.
What's your favourite item of clothing that you own?|my little pink skirt. Really lets my balls breathe
Which currently running TV show will be regarded as a classic by future generations?|Game of Thrones
Why do toilets have seats but separate bidets don't?|You are not meant to sit on them. They are for squatting over.
What is your worst experience with a mentally handicapped person?|This story is something I'll never forget. I washed dishes at a reaaaaaalllllly shitty restaurant when I was a teenager, and one of my coworkers was a severely handicapped man who was about 45-50. This guy had been hit by a car when he was 9-10, and the resulting trauma left him with the mindset of a prepubescent boy in grown mans body.  The cooks at this restaurant were a bunch of drunks who loved to fuck with this guy. It was pretty harmless stuff usually, but one day one of the cooks made a slit in a piece of roast beef and started fingering it, telling the handicapped guy it felt just like a pussy. He then gave the handicapped guy the piece of roast beef so he could feel himself. Everyone has a laugh and got back to work thinking nothing else about the beef. About two hours later I had to get something from the mud room (room with water heater and cleaning equipment). I open the door to find the handicapped guy bare assed, just hammering away at the roast beef with his donger. I tell the manger, he laughs his huge fat ass off, and he proceeds to tell everyone else. Everyone working that night thought it was hysterical, but they didn't walk in and see this shit the way I did. 2/10 would not recommend.
Have you ever carried while out in public? Why or why not?|Sure. How else would I get the bag of groceries to my car?
What is a hygienic practice that many people probably don't do?|Wash there hands after shaking hands with a stranger.
What is the most ridiculous thing you've gotten away with in school?|Stabbing someone with a keychain blade.
Reddit, what is your story about catching someone red-handed?|Watched my dog poop and then run away while the other dog was sniffing thinking I hadnt seen her do it haha
After finding out Apple purposely slows down its iPhones have you decided against staying with them? And which phone have you gone for instead?|I've only owned a single apple product, didn't like the oversimplification of control you had over the machine. Have an android now.
What are some questions you are tired of repeatedly hearing on this sub?|The questions similar to those from the hot tab.
If you from 5 years ago stepped into your life as you today, how would it go?|I would be very very confused, but happy?  5 years ago I was a few months shy of getting married. Now I have a 3 year old and I'm currently pregnant with twins and my husband and I just got a house in a completely different state.   I'd be happy, but hella confused and freaked out by the moving in my belly.
What are some things you used to believe as a kid that you figured out are totally false?|"Personally, I used to believe every number, like letters, had a capital form. Needless to say I looked like an idea writing numbers like ""11, 22 etc"" both differently."
Do you genuinely like your job? Why or why not?|Poster here---   Does anyone out there genuinely enjoy their job? Like from the ground up? Full-spectrum? CEO is cool, culture is cool, the work is cool, etc.etc. Or is there always something about the company, the culture, or the way things get done, etc.etc that just doesn't work for you in a visceral way? When my father speaks of his career overall, he never got to a point of liking his job, and same with me. I'm a web developer by trade and really hope that somewhere out there, there is a nice, peaceful, steady company, that i actually enjoy working for/believe in their product(s) and people. Or i want to start my OWN business because then at least i can choose my clients. But also having to deal with the downsides of freelancing usually keeps me targeted on finding a decent job. But do i just have to either start my own business, or cope with the fact that most jobs suck? Or is it common to genuinely like your job and mine and my father's overall careers are just two cases of otherwise many people with jobs they like?
What is the dumbest thing you have been arrested for?|Selling midgets to people in Vegas.
What’s the most beautiful experience in your life?|A recent one was when I went to Boston and got to see the NALCS Finals in person. Another was when I saw the Declaration of Independence a couple summers ago. As a history major and masters it was awe inspiring
People of reddit that work in hospitals, what were some of the weirdest deaths you've ever seen?|Middle aged person had a hip replacement and was rehabbing, everything seemed to be going smoothly, they were making steady progress. One night about 2 days before they were to be sent home they eloped and got a bottle of booze from the liquor store.  Came back to the hospital and polished off the bottle then tried to get out on the roof to have a smoke. Found the body 2 days later, the person slipped and fell between two of the buildings, the only reason they found them was by combing through security footage. Turns out the family neglected to tell the Dr's that the person was an alcoholic.
What's the most interesting conversation you've heard in a public transport?|I was playing some music and my battery died so I had to get my backup charger, I had to 60+ year old women sitting on either side of me talking about one ladies date that evening. At first I thought that it was cool that they were actually dating at that age, then one woman says to the other are you gonna let him do anal on you.  If you do you know he's gonna be coming back real soon. Took every ounce of concentration for me not to bust out laughing, couldn't get that backup battery connected soon enough and I just blasted some Metallica so I didn't have to hear anything else.
People in long-term relationships: what are the best inexpensive gift/date ideas for Valentines Day?|celebrate Valentine's day AFTER the day because then you'd get things on sale like chocolates, candy, gifts. That's what me and my husband do.
What's the cheesiest pickup line that has been used on or by you?|No one ever uses pick up lines on me ( ._.)
"If you could go back in time and ""re-do"" one event in *your* lifetime, what would it be and what would you do differently?"|I'd go back in time and prevent myself from commenting on this post so I could instead comment on a different post.
Hypothetical: Reddit creates KarmaCoin, where upvotes come to/from your digital wallet, and can be mined/traded. How would this affect your favorite subreddit?|Lots of people asking the Spirits how much KarmaCoin they can get...
Valentine's Day is coming up. People of reddit who have a giant crush on someone, what's something you would like to say to that person?|wanna see my penis?!
Those of you who keep a gun for self-defense, what compels you to do so?|So no one takes my effin donuts
What games do you wish existed?|An open world star wars game like skyrim
What wouldn’t you do for twenty bucks?|cut myself.
What are some struggles of being short?|When you headbutt people you headbutt them in their ribs, thereby looking seriously uncool.
What’s the best way to comfort you when you’re having a really terrible day?|Lay in my bed all day and try not to cry
What fast food item is no longer available but you wish it was?|Seaweed shaker fries at McDonalds
What is the most pain you’ve ever felt?|I just got a tattoo over my sternum last week. It felt like my soul was being torn from my body.
If you were a class in a video game based on your profession, what would be your abilities?|Medic!
What IS accurately represented in movies?|Social Awkwardness and Cringe moments.
How much money would it take to make you drink a gallon of your own piss everyday?|Don't have to pay me for something I already enjoy :)
What laws in the U.S. are broken?|All of them, but rarely at the same time or by the same person.
What's the funniest porn parody you've seen or heard of?|Metal Rear Solid: The Phantom Peen is like a master class in how to do a porn parody correctly. There are a lot of references to the source material, attention to detail in the costumes, and humor that remains in character.
Non-Americans of Reddit, how do you feel about the United States' freedom of speech protection as it pertains to hate speech?|As long as its not inciting violence against other people, I'm fine with people saying whatever the fuck they want. EDIT: To add to this, context matters, if you are jokingly saying death to all Jews or something like that its fine, but if you are seriously wanting people to kill the Jews, that's where I draw the line.
Reddit, what is your go-to quick healthy meal?|Veggie stir fry
Parents of young children - Has your kid ever talked about dead people as if they were alive or in the room? What did they say?|They did so I beat them for lying because ghosts aren’t real
Teachers of Reddit what's the best excuse you've heard for no homework?|"""I was defending a moose that mom killed from an aggressive bear while she gutted it"".  The 'excuse' was legit, I got a good cut of that moose as a 'sorry', as well as the completed homework shortly after."
What are some self-employed jobs a student could do?|Cam girl
"Thursday is my ""cursed"" day of the week where bad things always happen. Redditors, what day is cursed for you and why?"|Tuesday. Monday I'm all rested up and ready for the week; Tuesday is when things start to spiral out of control.
When did you know you had found your favorite pokemon?|When that crazy pink sheep turned into a weird part giraffe part sheep thing that looked like a sneech, I knew I'd found it. Then it got a mega evolution and had the most fabulous hair and I knew I'd chosen well.
How do you feel after eating a big, juicy steak?|Full
Why does it seem like everyone is secretly depressed, even though they're actually not?|Because you’re secretly depressed.
what was the last picture you took with your phone?|One of my balls
People who order a large decaf coffee...why?|I like the taste of coffee but don't like the effects of caffeine.
What is something that you draw power from?|The people of the universe, my spirit bomb isn't big enough yet.
What's something you'd like to get off your chest?|my shirt. But HR said they'd write me up if i took my clothes off again
What was your best revenge story against awful school teachers in middle school?|One of my teachers had a pony tail. He was so mean to everyone so we all hatched a plan to cut it off. He’d always sleep during the lunch block, so we had my friend and I sneak into his room and cut it off before he woke up. It was some type of Oceans 11 shit. We had to get the janitors key to open the door, take scissors from the art room, and wait until no teachers were watching.  Needless to say, we got in trouble but it was worth it.
What is the name of your life's first boyfriend / girlfriend?|Amy
What secret thing does your Valentine have no idea they're getting?|Nothing. She reads and checks everything I do.
Redditors,when did you understand you're ready for a relationship?|When I noticed i can get *more* food by eating her food.
What is an example of a time you told the truth instead of lying, when the consequences were great, when you could have easily gotten away with the lie? Why did you choose to tell the truth instead, and what was the outcome?|Nevwr happened to me, but I would do it if lying would mean someone else getring in trouble qhen they did nothing
A guy who raped a 7 year old in my area got beaten to death by police in prison. Ignoring the legality, do you think it was right?|Yes, he irreparably changed the child's life he deserves an irreparable change in his life.
how did you take back a bully ?|Did the bully cheat on you with another victim but you are willing to take them back?
What thing do you really wish you could buy right now?|A home in Southern California
Teachers of Reddit, what goes on behind the scenes that so many kids are bullied, miserable or otherwise mistreated at school and item do not receive help?|This is a serious question and not meant to antagonize or blame teachers. So often we hear of kids who feel they've gone through hell by 8th grade, I know teachers and they are people too. Usually very GOOD people, so my question is rooted in what is it that so many good people work in these schools unable to stop the small minority of bullies or otherwise mean staff/students from making another kids life miserable
Hungry people of reddit, what are you snacking on?|Chili... the stew that is.
Was there ever a time where you just felt completely happy? If so why do you think you were happy?|On holiday in Cornwall about 8 or 9 years ago, with plenty of money in my bank account, awesome friends and ridiculously good weather. Sat drinking with friends on a beach around a campfire when some randoms joined, offered us some stronger beer and some expensive rum, played beach cricket with us and then we all went out on the town in the evening. One of them ended up being my girlfriend for 18 months (long distance) and that was one of the best summers ever. I think, yep, I was truly happy then, 18, without a care in the world.
College dropouts, how are you doing now ?|I work in a warehouse now. Dropped out of a masters program for pharmacy since I wasn’t interested and I felt disillusioned. Never used my original degree either (medical science). I make okay money now, but I know this job isn’t sustainable for any long term goals I have.
If you could hire anyone for anything, who would you hire and what would they do?|Housekeeper. Do all the chores I don't want to. All of them really.
What's the dumbest thing you did in school that you never got in trouble for?|One time I played in an intramural basketball league. Before the games our entire team went to someone's house and smoked several bowls worth of weed. Came back and swept the tournament.
What is a tactful way of telling a coworker that his or her cologne or perfume is too pungent?|"Make a joke about it like ""oh wow did you take a bath in flowers this morning"" it's playful and funny and gets the point across. I did this to a male co worker who wears like 10 liters of cologne every day and he stopped putting so much on ever since"
What is the best curb-stomp battle in fiction?|One Punch Man. The entire series
How would your life change if you were paid in cash by the hour, as opposed to weekly or monthly?|I'd have to go to the bank every single day to deposit it.
Reddit, what is your least favorite memory?|The majority of my behavior between ages 11 and 18.
Gamers of Reddit, what game/era (e.g. N64 era, GoldSrc era) do you want to get a remake of/ode to?|I could go for another Pajama Sam game tbh.
If there is a possibility that testing and research done on an animal could possibly benefit mankind, is it ethical? Is there ever an ethical situation where it would be okay to do scientific testing on an animal?|Yes. The trick is where to draw the line. For example, there are scientific studies about how animals learn, and depending on the study that can give us information about the brain or about how to train animals. There's nothing morally wrong about giving an animal a puzzle box with some food inside.  Now that's very different from giving a rat brain cancer or repeatedly almost drowning it. I think the question is where to draw the line.
What was definitely NOT made on drugs?|LSD
Couples of Reddit, how did you ask out your SO?|I didn't, people said we'd make a cute couple then we did.
What's something you've really been needing to buy, but keep putting off?|Tires
Who is the scariest person you have ever met in real life?|"For me it was a guy that I had the same class with in the last year of high school. He was pretty big and very strong. He would go to the gym every single day. He was also very agressive. For example he pushed one of my friends against the wall when he said something like ""that's my ex there over there"" and my friend would reply with ""who? the red one?"" and quite some people came to get in between them. I remember how big my friend's eyes were. With our first sport class of our year we were with 2 classes at the same time at the field. And one of the guys from other class was kind of arrogant and he was kind of trying to be that ""popular"" guy. I wasn't really paying attention to what exactly happened but our guy gave him a big push and he kind of flied away. It seemed like it was for no good reason at all. Everytime I would want to mention his name I'd always look around first to see if he was near. I don't want him to be behind me and over hear me and then grab me after school and rip my head off my body."
What is a recent example of a non-commodity object that unexpectedly raised in value due to supply and demand?|Graphics card.
Ladies, what happened on your first date that made you not have another?|When my date wanted me to get obviously wasted so he could fuck me.
What are the best ways to tell someone that you're out there and you're unpredictable?|Do something unexpected for them
If you could gild a post on Reddit what would it be?|Not this one
Social people of reddit, how do you talk to people?|With my mouth.
What is the saddest thing you've seen or read on Reddit?|Last night on r/EscapeFromTarkov 2 ass holes took advantage of a new player in a horrible way wich you'd only understand if you played the game.
What have you become afraid of as you've grown up?|Dying alone.  I don't want to just be a random headstone.  I know a young guy that died the other week to me it feels like people are already forgetting about him.
Why is weed illegal in some countries ?|Because that be the Devils lettuce
What makes you really happy?|food
What would you give to have the old Reddit back?|I got a few pennies in my pocket
What's the most innocent thing someone called 'the worst thing ever'?|"I read an article whose main point was ""White people are not the cause of slavery. Rich people are. Rich men in Africa sold slaves, Rich men in America bought them."" Turns out that's ""racist"" to some people from my college."
If Hollywood made a movie about your life, what would it be called?|Gray life.
"Reddit, what is your best ""bad"" pickup line? [NSFW]"|"Not mine, but i heard someone say to an employee of a general store. ""Are you in the sale as well?"""
All beer tastes like fancy microbrewery draft beer now, how does life change?|I keep drinking cheap beer and malt. Now it just tastes more like chewing on a raw hops.
Why is it considered bad to kill people?|Because it’s really fucking rude.
Lawyers if Reddit; whats the craziest/strangest case you've ever seen or had?|My dad once had a case where a woman shot a man in a revenge killing. He wasn't representing the woman. No, he was representing her mentally ill son, because when the police came looking for her, he gave them her phone number and it was the wrong number. They arrested him for lying to the police.  Edit: typo
What makes you irrationally angry?|iFunny
A couple gets a dog together and breaks up one year later; who should get the dog?|Let the dog decide...
What’s under your bed?|Empty boxes that I figured I would find a use for eventually but never have.
If you had to change your last name, what would it be?|Andromeda
What is a good older hip hop song from the 90's to play on the PA system at school?|Naughty by Nature. O.P. P. https://youtu.be/qdeH7QhGiRg
How important is a guys height when dating women?|"I'm lucky to have some height but I actually know shorter guys.  I find that women are more discriminatory against shorter guys than guys are to a woman who is overweight. At least there's a type of guy who has a fetish for obese women. I don't think I've ever met a woman who says ""Short guys are my kink"""
What was the most boring subject of your college life?|Ethics.
What's it like to be a corrupt public official?|Profitable, apparently
Why do some Reddit users ask things they can just look up on the net?|They're looking for human interaction.
What was the unluckiest moment in your life?|My birth.
For those with foot fetishes, what is so appealing about the foot?|The feet
What's your Las Vegas LPT/hack?|Get the rewards card. Gamble $20-$40 and stop. Go see the Grand Canyon instead. Wait 6 months for the casino to start offering you free rooms to lure you back for more gambling. Rinse. Repeat.
Blind people, after taking a dump how do you know if you have wiped everything up?|Am not sure, but I doubt they notice this question.
What would a perfect city be like?|It would have chocolate sewers
If you could be an animal for the day, which one would you be?|Albatross or something. I just want to fly, motherfucker!
Redditors who were teenagers before computers were common, what did you do in your free time?|"* Hang out at the local mall/playgarden/whichever meeting point
* Take up hobbies (in my case analog electronics)
* Watch TV with my parents (back when TV was fun for the whole family)
* Do chores
* Sports"
What keeps you going each day?|The routine and the monotony of it. But also a small sliver of hope that it would all be better one day.
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?|Cats
How do you effectively ask questions to trip up a liar?|Begin by asking questions to which you are positive that you know the right answer to.
Who is your favorite historical figure?|Julius Caesar because he was a fucking badass
Reddit, What is your job and why do you love it?|I'm a Software Engineer - I love it because I love working with code, to see the how mere words and logic get translated to commands that the computer uses to do stuff. I love the challenge of trying to figure out something I've never done before, I love the humor of the people I work with, I love the ability to just sit and listen to music while contemplating my next steps... there's just so much to love about it.
What was the scariest encounter you had with a wild animal?|Two bees attacked me once
What single event is the biggest mistake of all time?|The moment when all matter and antimatter created by the big bang was supposed to annihilate but for some fucking reason there was one extra particle of matter for every billion antimatter and that excess became everything there is now.
Reddit, what's your morning (or whenever you wake up) routine?|Drink Iced Coffee Have a muffin Get clothes on Go to school (because apparently that prepares me for a future where all low end jobs are performed by robots and the curriculum for important subjects like Information Processing Technology which is basically just an advanced name for programming hasn’t been updated in 15 years)
what is your favourite thing to spend money on and why?|Beer. Because beer.
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen happen at a friends house?|Not so much weird but awkward as fuck.  Id say i was about 10. I was over at my friends house playing video games, his older brother, think he was 15 at the time, came into the room we were in and just started beating the shit out of my friend. It was more of an older brother beating type of thing but i didn't know wtf to do, i just kept playing the game.  Older brother leaves and my friend was just sitting there ballin' crying. He didnt say anything for like 10 minutes and when he did he tried to pretend nothing had happened.
What annoying things do people do at your work?|breathe
If you could have any vehicle from any movie/series, what would you choose?|The invisible boat-mobile
What is something that triggers your trauma ?|Accidentally touching my asshole while wiping
What conspiracy theory turned out to be true?|MK Ultra
Who would be America's main trading partner today if Nixon had not visited China?|r/askhistorians
You get to date one famous celebrity – who is it?|Marion Cotillard; for sure.
What's your longest running bad habit?|Only getting between 3 and 4 hours of sleep per night
What are you softening your stance on?|~~Vegans~~ I just can't do it.
How many Reddit accounts do you have? For what purposes do you use them?|2 This one Research one
People of Reddit, which movie sequel is actually better than the first and not 'waste of money'?|The Empire Strikes Back
What do you miss most about the Twentieth century?|Privacy
where were you three hours ago?|In your mom
People who subscribe to the Flat Earth theory, what is your reaction to the recent footage from SpaceX's Falcon Heavy launch?|People act like it would debunk the Flat Earth theory, its no different than the moon landing, it could be CGI.   PS: I'm not a flat earther, while the footage doesn't debunk the flat earth theory basic science and basic logic debunks it.
What is the stupidest policy you have at work?|"Don't work there any more but at the movie theatre Cineplex (Canadian corp) we had to donate $2 for our perk of ""free"" movies that was supposed to incentivize us to work for minimum wage. It might seem small but when your shift is only 2 hours long it really adds up."
So which is worse: the sensation of sitting on a frigid toilet seat, or being braced for a cold toilet seat and discovering it's warm already?|Nothing is worse than a hot, damp seat.
What is the best part about where you live?|No black people
What is the worst concert you have been to?|Elvis Costello solo concert. He´s offbeat and without a band to help him he cant hit the beat twice in a row.
Reddit, What is your claim to fame?|Getting Reddit gold
How Far Vertically From the Sun Would You Have To Go Until You Can See All of The Planets' Full Orbit Around the Sun?|I'm not sure that's how it works
What's the best AskReddit question you've ever seen?|This one ;)
"Straight guys of Reddit, who is your celebrity ""man crush"" and why?"|Michael Fassbender and Ryan Gosling.
What's a commonly said phrase in your line of work?|All bleeding stops eventually.
Gym-goers, what is the craziest thing you saw at a gym?|Literally yesterday in my uni gym some young asian guy came in, sat on a bench with his leg crossed over the other (like women tend to sit), and then played around on his phone for a solid 20-30 minutes. He did some 5kg bicep curls for probably two sets, left them on the floor, then walked around the gym aimlessly before leaving. Probably the rudest use of the gym I've ever seen.
Who would be America's main trading partner today if Nixon had not visited China?|r/askhistorians
"If you saw a new business called the ""Talent House"" what would you think it is?"|"A night club? 
But I had to thing hard on that one"
How did you overcome your laziness/procastinating habit and achieved life goals?|Setting a schedule and adhering to it.
Hard workers of Reddit, how did you gain and maintain your focus and motivation ?|"The looming dark cloud known as ""debt"" hangs over me at all times. I live in constant fear of losing my job, as my life would pretty immediately go down the shitter."
People who don't socialize, how did you find your SO?|I ran up to her and yelled **HI** then ran away in fear of her response. We're going on our 3 year anniversary. She just doesn't know it.
Men of Reddit, what examples of sexism do you face in your day to day life?|I don't mean to undermine any form of discrimination women face, just want to see the other side of this issue :) EDIT: I don't necessarily mean 'sexism' in a very strong sense, just day today cases where men have a disadvantage against women due to social principles
What question were you asked in an interview that told you that the interviewer had no clue whatsoever about the kind of work you're interviewing for?|I was interviewing for a customer service job and I just had a bad interview in general. Delivering canned responses, not really engaging. There wasn't a specific question that did me in, I think, but it didn't seem like I was comfortable talking to people, which would have been the primary purpose of my job.
What is your plan for the rest of your life?|I don’t have a plan really I’m just living in the moment.
How can you ruin someone's chance at a happy future?|If I knew I wouldn't be on reddit, I would be out doing whatever I need to do to ruin people's future.
What movies you wish you could watch for the first time again in a cinema that you have or haven't watched before, and why?|I have never seen any of the original Star Wars movies on the big screen.
How do you keep yourself entertained on a long flight?|a combination of podcasts, music, documentaries and movies on my phone/tablet.
Everyday people of Reddit, what have you done today that you're proud of?|Woke up at a reasonable time and did pushups
What takes a minute to learn but a lifetime to master?|Reddit.
Dear Reddit: What classic movies are you embarrassed to not have seen?|Apparently it’s a big deal I haven’t seen Scarface or Rocky.
What's your most disappointing concert experience?|Evanescence. Amy's voice was awful. This is about 6 months after the album with that wake me up song was released
What's something you've always wanted to brag about but never get the chance to?|My little guy has a mean ol looking firemans hat
What are some questions to ask interviewers?|Do 10 minutes of googling before your interview, find something the company does, and ask about it. Maybe they have a big project, or recently did some charity work. Ask about it.
When is enough, enough?|Enough is enough and its time for a change!
What was your favorite Drake and Josh episode and why?|It's spherical! SPHERICAL!
Anyways how's your sex life?|Non existent.
What is some advice to parents on how to handle their kids getting bullied?|you cant solve it, you have to help your child solve it them selves otherwise it will continue throughout their life.
What's the most obscene exhibition of wealth you have ever witnessed?|This eccentric billionaire launched his car into space one time. Just cuz.
What's your favorite quote that people always misquote or say completely wrong?|"A wild guess. 
For some dumb reason, my brother adamantly believes it’s “a mild guess”"
What is your favorite food?|Pussy
Jedi of Reddit, which countries do you consider a Sithhole?|What is a country?
What’s something you came across too young to grasp was a joke so you ended up believing it?|9/11 was an inside job
What is your opinion on this: Could Elon Musk be the Cave Johnson of our generation?|Pff. Hardly. The guy hasn't sold a single shower curtain.
If there was an app to tell you what kind of person your pet was equivalent to, what do you think it would say?|Sociopath
What are some experiences you should save for when you’re older?|Death.
What is by far your worst insecurity?|My voice. I sound like I have a permanent bubble in my throat.
Imagine a world where every individual shares the same mindset and values with your own, what do you think the world would be like and why?|I'm sure all of their mindsets and values would change over time because of the different experiences we'd have and where we live.
What's the most life threatening thing you have ever done unknowingly?|Running across a road that had incoming traffic
How can a wealthy man ever tell if a woman would still love him if he lost everything?|The same way a wealthy woman would tell if a man would still love her if she lost everything.
What is something you see people from the US talk so casually about, but you have no idea what it is?|"3 out of 4 ""celebrities""."
What are you hoping for as discovery from Mars?|Prothean artifacts
Office workers of reddit, what are some tips and tricks you have to survive the office lifestyle?|"Headphones allow you to listen to the good, profanity filled, nsfw, podcasts without that whiney coworker complaining about this being a ""christian environment""."
If you were completely out of debt and had enough money saved to move wherever you wanted, where would you go?|I want to own a decommissioned lighthouse. And I want to live at the top. And nobody knows I live there. And there's a button that I can press, and launch that lighthouse into space.
"What's the best song lyrics to replace the words ""man"", ""woman"", ""boy"" or ""girl"" with ""goat""?"|I kissed a goat and I liked it
What are some of the best documentaries on youtube?|Going Clear
Alright Reddit, this is it, you’re in the bathroom having just taken the most massive No. 2 of your life. There’s no toilet paper, only the roll it came on and a wash cloth, which do you choose in your moment of desperation?|Run outside the bathroom, find someone else in the bathroom, and grab their face and use their face to whipe my ass.
What are some unwritten rules of sex?|Mutual climax entitles you to a high five. Fuck the mood, you two are goddamn champions.
"Young, intelligent and successful professionals of a askreddit, how have you handled coworkers and bosses ""looking down"" on you solely because of your age?"|That's just a part of life. Some people will find ANY reason to look down on you. Grin and laugh at it.
What’s got you so stressed?|I'm the target this morning. I got no where else to go so I must just lay here and accept it.
Have you ever watched an ad without skipping it with full interest? what was the ad about and why did you like it??|Only when it's a movie trailer for a movie I'm interested in. The latest was the one for Black Panther. I think it was the ad before a trailer for the new Avengers movie so I had to watch a commercial before I could watch a commercial.
What is your favorite cover of a song?|Death - Painkiller (Cover of Judas Priest - Painkiller) It has better guitars, but worse vocals.
What movie would be so much better if you change just one tiny plot detail?|Logan, if X23 didn't speak throughout the entire movie.
What are some good places to meet women online that aren't already full of thirsty men trying to do the same thing?|Real life is the best thing to that
In the Harry Potter universe you have to think of your happiest memory to cast a patronus charm. What memory would you use?|Probably one of those cool summer nights with my friends
What is something the next generation will likely hate us for?|Ruining the planet.
What is genuinely loved across almost all of Reddit?|Cats
What are some ways to fuck with people?|When a mother isn't looking, swap her baby with a sack of potatoes.
Whats the oldest thing you own?|My grandfather's dog tags from the Korean war. I was born on his birthday and named after him. He passed away last month so they are very special to me.
What's your favourite medium of entertainment, and why?|watching crayon shin chan, the Japanese cartoon. It's really funny, makes me laugh. Helps to reduce stress in general.
Why do you sin?|I was born out of sin, does that count?
People who don't shower regularly, why?|Depression. Lol
What's the scariest thing humans will have to face in the next 10 years?|The shrinking of habitable land masses due to climate change.
What was going on in your life while Reddit was playing the button game?|r/thebutton
Priest of Reddit, what's the craziest confession you've ever heard?|They aren't supposed to release that information. Confessions are confidential.
People who eat food that isn't yours from the work fridge. Why ?|Because they're assholes.
How would you clean one million in dirty money over the course of five years?|Buy a car wash and generate fake transactions. Or if I listened to my lawyer instead of my wife, a laser tag joint.
What should you never buy used?|condoms
The Earth is finally proven to be flat. What's the next conspiracy you consider to also be true?|The average penis size is not 14-16 cm.
What was the worst teacher you ever had in school and what did they do?|Oh I see at one point we both had shitty English teachers
What is it like having a friend with benefit?|I don't know, I look like a potato ( ._.)
What’s the strangest subreddit you’ve ever come across?|/r/AvocadosGonewild
Girls of Reddit, if you so want equality, why don't you pay the bill on a date?|...Last date I went on she demanded to pay. I refused. I finally told her I would pay but she could pay the tip and we'd call it even. Compromise wins!
What's something that you can do to make the person that cut you off know they're gonna pay?|Roll down your window and hold a 45 where they can see it, obviously (this belongs in shittylifeprotips doesn’t it)
If you died today, what regrets would you have about your life?|My tattoo that says no ragrets
People who have actually been in a food fight, how did it start?|I was at a summer camp, and we were in cafeteria with a couple hundred young kids (ages 8-14ish), eating breakfast.  The food was crap, and the pancakes were rock hard.  We realized that the pancakes were better suited for frisbees..   We joked about it, then actually tossed one like a frisbee -- it flew about two rows over ...  and then the world blew up and food started flying everywhere.
What did you unknowingly walk into that got you in a lot of trouble?|Didn't study had a shitload to pay for failing... and parents were mad...
What's the most unusual place you've been to that most people will most likely never go to?|The cave of the machos, it's in Mexico. All the stalagmites are super phallic.
What are life's little minigames?|Sports? Videogames? Socializing?
What are your best flu remedies?|There is no remedy for a viral infection other than having your body's immune system take care of it. stay hydrated; keep fueled, even though it is hard to eat but your body needs fuel for its immune system to work best; let your fever do what it is there for (kill the virus) if you are healthy enough to handle it; get rest.
What is a job or trade that we will no longer see in the future and will possibly die out completely?|Most desk jobs that's just inputting data
Every time you pee, a genie grants you one liquid-related wish. How do you take advantage of this?|a...liquid-related wish?
What's something that you think should be illegal but isn't?|not being prepared to adult when in a checkout line at the grocery store do you have payment ready? is it enough to pay for your things.  Pay and Go. NOTHING ELSE.once the cashier is done. pay and go.
What’s something that a lot of people do, but think they’re the only ones who do it?|Suffer with depression
What advice can you give to 14 year olds?|slay all that teen ass
During an argument you were in what was a sign that told you to stop trying because you could never win?|But muh Trump. But muh Obama. But muh Hillary. Etc etc etc
Do you think expecting to cultivate unconditional love with a romantic partner is unrealistic and naive? Why/why not?|I don't think there is such a thing and unconditional love.
Reddit, what is something you wouldn't do for 10 million dollars?|Kill myself
How much was your seemingly expensive wedding and why was it worth it to you?|It was about $10,000.00 and we budgeted the hell out of it and had 120 people. Was really nice and people said it looked like a $50k wedding.
Whats the worst power trip you've seen?|Don't care about the downvotes. Donald Trump demanding a military parade just so the armed forces can all march past and salute him.
How are you with taking advice?|It better be positive or i *will* cry in the shower again
Which field is better? Anaesthesiology or Nuclear Medicine?|The field outside my house is better than both.
Whats your opinion on the death penalty?|It should be offered to anyone who wants it and can demonstrate that they are competent and informed enough to make the decision.
What’s the most impressive skill you have?|i helicopter dick and pee at the same time
What is a product most people don't think about keeping around until they need it and realize what a necessity it is?|Fire extinguisher
What was your favorite subtle foreshadowing?|"In ""Get Out"" when the Allison Williams character forces the cop to back down after he demands to see the main guy's license. I love it because you don't even realize it's foreshadowing, you just think she's being a good girlfriend. It's only later on that you realize the real reason she didn't want the cop to take down his info."
What is something you did in grade school that made an impact (good or bad) and no one knew you were involved?|My story is that in HS my sisters bf gave me a bunch of IMS stickers that he worked for. (IMS is an old dirt bike company.) I handed them out to specific friends in handfuls at school. I was specific as to not letting anyone know where they came from. They ended up all over the school. Our lunch cart, walls, doors, desks, signs, poles, posters; They were everywhere. It was called an IMS sticker epidemic by some teachers. I told my sisters bf and he loved the exposure. I never got caught and the yearbook even had a couple in the photo sections in the background. Even years later, some of the stickers stuck around. It’s been more than 15 years now so I’d imagine they are all removed by now. You never know.
Taco Bell drivethru always says 'how are you doing?' and expects an answer. What responses will make them quit asking?|Nothing, because being polite to customers is part of their job.
Asshole who stepped on my deadpool drawing, where are you?|I am pooping on another person's deadpool drawing
What is a tech problem/idea that you would want to see a start-up solving/creating?|I would love to get rid of the blue screen of death, someone should fix it, doesn't matter if you have a new pc or an old pc, no matter how you use your pc it is always going to happen, the blue screen of death is so annoying
What subreddit(s) did you subscribe to as soon as you saw it?|/r/thinking
What would you do with $100million?|put it in the bank, quit my job and sleep all day
"What gif on Reddit have you seen that makes you say to yourself ""Wow they are badass...""?"|Pretty much all of the gifs on /r/highqualitygifs
What TV show best describes your life?|13 Reasons Why
Redditors,whats your veiw right now?|Water from the Nile
you have one chance to redo any day in your life. How do you use it?|I’d rob a bank if I got caught I’d redo the day and not rob the bank
What’s your most embarrassing story?|I let you know when my biography comes out
What's the worst thing about adult life you've discovered?|You have to do stuff
If your past comments and posts were trawled through, what would be the most embarrassing/strangest thing we’d find?|I'm no white rabbit... but I do know the way to Wonderland
What’s the worst you’ve seen someone screw up on social media?|Jake paul vlogging with the dead body
Users of Reddit that are in the FBI, what are some of the weirdest/funniest things you’ve seen from someone’s computer?|Well the porn on your computer is a bit unsettling...
What are some of the current stereotypes for the drivers of certain types or brands of cars in your area?|BMW drivers are assholes-Agree Prius drivers can't drive-Don't agree thats basically all we have.
Reddit, what's your favorite hobby?|I don't get a lot of time to myself between a near 50 hour work week and having a 4 year old, so I've settled with drinking and playing video games.
What music should you be too old for but enjoy listening to anyway?|So I put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
If you get the chance to make a game on any movie,anime,comic,etc., then which company/companies would you choose?|I want a Harry Potter game made by Bioware. Not one that follows existing characters though.
In case someone is stalking your Reddit account, what do you want to tell them?|at least upvote my shit
What one item, if never invented, would change history the most?|Electricity
Hi Reddit, what important thing you failed at because you tried to do it the best you could?|Life
What’s your favorite thing you have in your ‘Saved’ section on Reddit?|Lots and lots of penises.
What is a game that you wish existed?|Skate 4
If you could eradicate any emotion or state of mind, worldwide, what would it be?|"I was thinking the state of mind where you refuse to believe you're wrong, but I think I'm going to go with the **""pleasure in cruelty""** state of mind instead. Unnecessary."
What was your major in college and what are you doing now?|Voice performance in Jazz BA. I produce vocalists, voice actors, direct choirs and vocal ensembles and sing for a living. Took 20 years to get to a place where I was using that education though. Countless regular jobs in retail, banking, ecommerce, etc.
Other my mom, what do you do to kill time at work?|Your dad
What cliché in Anime do you find the most annoying?|The fact that so many are set in highschool...
Hey reddit. If you could choose three people to run the world together, who would they be?|Myself, Freddy Mercury and Robin Williams.
Shy people of reddit, do you think or has someone had a crush on you? If so what did you or what do you want t do about it?|no. I look like a potato
What song did you first hear in a video game and now love as a result?|Should I stay or should i go by the clash, I first heard it in far cry 4
How do you succour your significant other?|Lovingly
What's the meanest thing someone has ever said to you?|"""I don't love you anymore."""
What is the worst thing your partner could say during sex?|Another person's name. Especially if it was someone that you knew.
Where Are the Best Places to Propose?|In public, surrounded by thousands of strangers who really don't care whether or not your marriage is successful.
Reddit, what is the single best reddit post you've ever upvoted?|This post
What's a question you want to ask the opposite sex? Nsfw|do u liek me
What's the craziest thing you've done and gotten away with?|Nice try, Mum.
What's a trend (major, minor, local, whatever) that you started?|We’ve been going to the same cliff jumping spot every summer since high school (decade and a half).  There are numerous spots to jump off of with varying heights and sizes.  Rather than relying on pointing and saying “that one,” we decided to name each individual jumping spot. Fast forward to today and we’ll often overhear young kids there that we have never seen before, using our names for each of the jumping spots.  We just smile with a very minuscule amount of pride.
How would you win a fight against 20 trained, knife fighting 5 year olds?|It'd be like that scene where Grand Maester Pycelle got his shit pushed in.
Hey reddit, what skill do you wish you would've picked up before the end of your 20s?|Playing the guitar. I really wish I could, but don't seem to have the dexterity or musical ear to learn. I'm also lazy and give up really quickly so... that could be partially to blame I guess.
Is it possible too not pee when you poo?|Actually that's a good question.
People who refuse to use headphones and ear buds, and insist on speakers, why?|My only regular coworker also likes the podcast I play
What is something someone did that made you condemn their stupidity but commend that they actually had the balls to do it?|There’s a bridge near where i live that teens often jump off. Its quite high. There’s one side thats a clear jump but on the other is some junk like bikes. Noone jumps there because its stupid and a friend of mine. Who knew that fully well, still decided to jump to verify himself. Lets just say he’s thankful for social healthcare.
Russians of Reddit, what remains of the Soviet Union are still there in daily life?|Being ruled by a dictator.
Self-harmers of Reddit, how do you make it through your day without self-harming?|I save it all up in my emotional bank account and then go and get a tattoo instead. The pain is so nice.
Accountants of reddit, what is your number one cooking tip?|Mathed potatoes are a great addition to any dish
How would you describe the most iconic Instagram picture?|\#someone \#taking \#a \#selfie \#of \#themselves \#getting \#ready \#to \#eat \#something \#while \#advertising \#their \#makeup \#brand \#and \#there \#are \#way \#too \#many \#fucking \#hashtags
What is the most ridiculous fight scene in an otherwise realistic film / tv show?|I saw this Chinese film where the the main character was riding a horse on top of an army’s formation.
Stylish people of Reddit, what staples should be included in every gentleman’s wardrobe?|Fanny pack. Absolutely essential.
What's your favorite motivational video?|Don't let your dreams be dreams https://youtu.be/ZXsQAXx_ao0
Which quote has resonated with you the most?|"""Things couldn't be better, and they couldn't be worse, because that's just the way things fucking are and you better get used to it nancy, quit your bitching"" - Leonard Church."
What are some of the best fourth wall breaks?|The entire end of Blazing Saddles.
Identical twins of reddit, what mischief have you cause together?|We got banned from wearing the same clothing to school after I got caught trying to take a test for my brother. We would’ve gotten away with it except he had slightly shorter hair.
What is the dumbest thing you have gotten in trouble for at work?|I got fired for having the flu and asking for a day off. Couldn't do shit about it as I was working under the table
What moment will you remember until the say you die?|This post
What video game will people still be playing in 2118?|Tetris, or some form of it.
What are the side effects of being attractive?|How would I know.
What celebrity do you believe is the kindest, most genuine person in the spotlight?|danny devito god bless him
What is the best way to troll scam callers?|Turn it around on them and try and get them to give you remote access to their computer.
What is the best thing you got to experience from stepping out of your comfort zone?|Learning a foreign language
What expensive drink tastes terrible?|I'm not a fan of Pinot, no matter how much it costs.
What is the hardest language to learn?|Finnish
If everyone consumed how you consumed, which industries and/or companies would rule the world?|My local Indian restaurant.
What is the dumbest thing you have gotten in trouble for at school life?|I “looked at the teacher wrong”.
What dish can you never make right?|Mashed potatoes. For the life of me, I just can't get the damn things off the heat when they're right. They're either always overcooked or undercooked.
What's your favourite Denzel Washington movie?|Virtuosity
What was the worst pick-up line you've ever heard?|"""You look perfectly fuckable tonight."""
What genres of music are trending at the moment?|Vivaldi and Bach
Introverts of reddit, what is the most uncomfortable situation you have ever been in?|When my friend was screaming at her brother for 20 minutes whilst I was driving the car.
What is something that happened in a dream that had an impact on you long after you woke up?|This happened a few night ago. I dreamt I was in a bank, saw a bunch of stacks of cash lying around, grabbed a few and got away. I still feel guilty about what I did!
What is something that is overrated but should not be? Or something that is underrated but should be more overrated?|Overrated: Chic-fil-a, Chipotle, OP's mom, Pineapples on Pizza Underrated: Being downvoted because of your edgy opinion that goes against the hive-like mentality of reddit. How about you all see me in a game of chess yeeeaaah yeaaah YOU LIKE DRINKING BLEACH BEOTCH?!
What's your favourite encounter with a wild animal?|I used to have a squirrel friend in college.  Every day between classes around 10, I would go to the same bench with a pack of peanuts and the same squirrel would come and sit on my knee and share them with me.  It was pretty cool.
What is a scene that has almost ruined a good movie?|Not just a scene, but the entire plot of the love interest in Top Gun is so cheesy and 80's when the actual dogfighting scenes stand the test of time really well.
Other than investing in cryptocurrency, what do you wish you had done 5 years ago?|Dumped my abusive now ex boyfriend that caused me ptsd
If you could steal someone's heart to make them repent for all of their sins/crimes and become a good person, who would you pick?|If we were talking about any era of human history? Adolf Hitler.  If we are talking about 2018? Kim Jong Un.
What's the least appropriate place to have a glory hole?|the zoo
what's your weirdest or craziest dream?|My weirdest dream was when I was about 8 years old. In the dream, I was in an Ancient Egyptian tomb, laying in an open coffin that was halfway up a wall, in an alcove, and Jackal mummy things were trying to kill me.
What's a moment or comment you saw on Reddit that you'll never forget, but never gained widespread notoriety or made Reddit history?|lol.
So, what motivates you?|The grave a is pretty good one.
What's the best thing you ever found lying on the ground?|My girlfriend's standards.
How was the best and the worst police interaction you had?|"Honestly, the best one is when one let me off without a speeding ticket so not very great.  3 way tied for worst is 
1) my sister (18) had like 5 guys over and they were out back on our lanai hanging out. They were out there for so long my sister ended up falling asleep and when she did, the guys took every Mac book computer we owned and left. Over 5000usd worth of computers. We have the cops their names and addresses. They went to each house and asked “do you have the laptops?” The kids said “nope” and the cops were on their way. Did nothing after that. I suppose it’s that easy to steal. 2) my other sister (16) has a boyfriend that doesn’t have a car. She would let him drive if they have to drive anywhere and she would sit passenger seat. One time when they came to my house my father saw that he was driving and told him “You do not drive my car. Ever”. Well a few weeks later he asks my sister to use the car to go to a job interview and my sister is too nice and agrees. Well my mom gets a call from my sister at 8 pm and she is balling. Apparently there has been a car crash with injuries. Come to find out at the accident scene
- she wasn’t in the car
- the kid and his friend were in the car
- his friend has his own car (why the fuck weren’t they using his car
- they were spreading on wet roads in a NEIGHBORHOOD 
- they spun out and hit a woman putting her kid in her car and took her FUCKING LEG OFF
- they never got out of the car to help as the woman lay there screaming in agony
- the car was found 100-150 yards away with its front axle snapped (they tried to drive away and found out the car is inoperable)
- my sisters boyfriend blames it on the other kid when the cop asks who was driving
- my sisters boyfriend doesnt even have a drivers license
The cop writes him a ticket for CARELESS driving which comes with a maximum 6 month suspended license (which he doesn’t even fucking have) and a 500 dollar fine. My family got sued by her even though my sister wasn’t in the car and my father had already told him to not drive the car. The settlement was for $1.25M. My mom asked the cop (on the day of the court hearing for the kid to see what the penalty for the careless driving ticket) “do you think that justice was served” and he replies “yes I do”.  3) We were driving through Bradenton Florida on the way to my beach house in my buddies truck. My buddy is a pro athlete (baseball).  We have marijuana in the car as well as a grinder and it kinda smells. We get pulled over because my buddies truck has expired tags and the cop smells the weed. He orders us out and searches the car and finds it. We tell him that if anyone in our car (five people) gets hit with that, it will severely fuck up our careers and to please have mercy. No mercy hear. He says “all take it or one takes it”, so I take it. At the time in the masters program for Aerospace Engineering at UCF and I tell him that I’m going to need a security clearance and this is going to fuck that up. He said “I don’t care” and proceeds to give me a written arrest. 2 years later, I land my dream job at Lockheed Martin for 77k/year and never get to start because I have an arrest. I’m a recruiter making 35k a year now.  Cops don’t protect and serve, they do the bidding of the government to lock people up and dish out fines. Ruining people’s lives because they want to feel all powerful."
When was the worst time you had to use the restroom?|Had to pee right after beating the meat. It burnt my dick like a mother fucker. The lesson is make sure you pee before jacking off
What musician, artist, TV show, movie, podcast, or book has the most vibrant fan base? And how so?|Pretty much most Metal bands have excentrac fans, sometimes a little crazy.      DEATH TO ALL BUT METAL \m/
What's your favorite Mac & Cheese recipe?|Macaroni and cheese.  That's it.
What's the most messed up thing you did during your teen years?|Respond to this question
How can you be against abortion but eat meat?|Because they don't really correlate unless you're eating human meat.
What are your favorite games to play at an adult game night?|Mafia is a fun game that you don't have to buy. The only thing is you can't really play it drunk because one person who doesn't understand the rules can end 30+ minutes worth of effort into the game.
What are your thoughts on guys who apply natural makeup?|Kind of gay, no matter how straight that person is.
What’s a song that makes you feel badass?|Bad To The Bone
People who live in countries, where you drive on the left side of the road, do you also walk on the left side of the sidewalk?|No we walk left on the pavement
Redditors that have an Alexa/Google/Cortana device, what commands do you use most often?|Set timer
What celebrity do you dislike that seems to be unanimously loved and why?|if i gave an answer then i would just come off as jealous and im not about that life op
What's something you'd never want in or around your mouth?|Faeces
If you could get absolutely wasted with anyone currently alive, who would you choose?|with you op!!
"What's something that you could easily carry with you in your pocket everywhere that will get the most people to be like ""WTF do you have that for?"" when you take it out?"|Pistol
What is the furthest someone has gone to screw with you?|I usually just lay on my bed and try to get through the day with the least amount of drama possible.
When was the last time that somebody shook your hand and why?|Yesterday because I just met them. Nothing out of the ordinary. I meet someone new about everyday.
What are some comical beliefs you used to hold when you were a child?|That adults know what they're doing.
Guys, what’s the one thing your girlfriend could do in bed that would immediately take sex to a whole new level?|Grow a dick.
Who’s the most heinous serial killer to ever exist?|"The original night stalker is pretty bad in that he committed over 50 rapes and murders in the 70's and was never apprehended. If you count dictators like Mao, Hitler, and Stalin as ""serial killers"", then they're up there inconceivably higher than people who did all the killing themselves."
What is something that people make out to be difficult that is actually not at all difficult?|Losing weight.  Just don't put the stuff in your pie hole.   It works.
Which celebrity do you think has the least amount of haters, and why?|"Tom Hanks.  
...because you know, he's Tom Hanks..."
If someone openly sneezes midway through a meal you're eating, how much does this impact your enjoyment of the rest of the meal?|Idk why but this post made me laugh. Generally because I wouldn't mind but because I'm weird I can smell sneezes and that would make me not want to eat anymore.
Are you having a good day? Why or why not?|Yes I am. I'm alive, employed, loved, fed, and have a roof over my head. I can't complain.
What place gives you way too many toppings?|> way too many toppings? Is confused in *American*
What is a skill that you can learn from home?|Photoshop, Illustrator, Ableton Live. Youtube is your friend my friend.
Women who complain about pants with tiny pockets, why don't you just buy guy skinny jeans?|Men’s and women’s jeans are cut a different way. Women’s accentuate the hips and fit snugly. If I were to wear men’s jeans it would be loose in all the wrong places.  Also the back pockets in women’s jeans are acceptable for small items.
You're offered 2 million USD, but you cant interact with your friends and family for the rest of your life. What do you do?|No deal. I could realistically do without 99% of people currently in my life but there's 2 or 3 I couldn't let go of.
What's a good way to tell someone that you're out there and you're dangerous?|Think of more of doing then saying.
People who listened to a gut feeling and were right, what happened?|I got lunch.
Wealthy People Of Reddit Who Were Once Poor: Did Your Money Buy You Happiness?|Depends what you mean by wealthy, I mean my income is like 45k pa and I think that's enough for me to live happily. If you mean very wealthy... well the Partners at law firms I know either work all day into midnight or retire early. Money means very little if you spend your life working 16 hours a day.
Reddit People that got fired recently, what the hell happened?|I was an administrative assistant to a property manager in a condo building. The HOA board liked me, the property manager liked me but the higher ups at the management company didn’t. One day the CEO and CFO of the management company walked in and said the Board wanted me to no longer work there. He had an empty box ready so I packed some things I had in the office, I handed him the property I had that belonged to the association and I was walked out. He didn’t give me my final paycheck until I filed a complaint, but that a whole other story.
What minor design flaw in everyday objects drive you crazy?|On the windows operating system, you cannot lock the windows in place in order to type in a window partially covered by another window. It's frustrating to have to resize and reshape windows to be viewable together rather than just lock them however you prefer for your task at hand.
What do you do on your free time?|I'm a streamer. I don't have an audience so I just play video games and record it for no real reason.
What quote from your favorite book, show, or movie is best taken out of context?|Share the load - Samwise Gamgee
What should you expect in a relationship if you don't want to set yourself up for disappointment?|Nothing. Serious answer is nothing.
When you verbally give a customer service rep your credit or debit card number, how do you know that they're not going to steal it?|You don't, and sometimes they do.
What's the worst thing to happen to you or a friend while OTI?|A friend of mine was on a beach while oti and slipped and dislocated his knee and tore a few things.
What's the most dumb thing you did today?|Went on Reddit instead of sleeping
What popular genre or type of music do you just not enjoy?|This will be popular, but country. Truly do not understand how anyone enjoys it. There are genres that I don't like personally, but I can see the appeal as to why others might like it. With country it's just too shit.
Rich people of Reddit, what is something you refuse to pay above a certain amount for even though you could easily afford to?|Reddit gold
Atheists of Reddit, what's your best argument that god doesn't exist?|I've never seen a signed copy of the bible.
What have you or your classmates done to a teacher that has made you feel guilty about it?|Just generally being an annoying little shit. As an adult I look back and am thankful none of those teachers went mental and shot all of us up. Kids suck.
What is the most ridiculous rule you have to follow?|i have to “work” at “”work””
What do you do when you really don't wanna go to gym?|I don't go.
what is the worst decision you've made in the past 24 hours?|Nothing too big, I just decided to take a road on my way to work that is more direct but has much more traffic and I got stuck in traffic that ended up taking longer than it would have if I had just gone the other way.
What’s the cringiest thing you or someone in your class did in highscool?|We had this Hispanic heritage show, and in one of my classes this girl thought too highly of herself, and asked the teacher if she could make an announcement about it. So, she says “hey everyone so the Hispanic heritage show is this week and I’m gonna be singing in it! Who’s going?” And no one said anything. So then she says “ok, well since you’re gonna miss it I’ll just sing what I’ll be performing.” Then she starts singing very, very, very badly....... the bell rang for lunch and everyone ran out of the class while she was still singing. T’was a sign from the universe that she needed to stop
What way have you seen someone try to change their accent to sound different than they usually do?|I worked with a twin. After high school, he spent a year in Ireland. His twin did not. Afterward, they still looked identical, but Patrick had adopted an Irish accent.
"Why is ""good morning"" a way of saying hello but ""good night"" is a way of saying goodbye?"|why is a chair called a chair? Just the way things are 😗
What is the best vacation you’ve taken and what was so great about it?|Went to Italy, Croatia, and Greece. Part of what made it great was just the fact that it was with family and friends, but the countries themselves were incredible as well. They all had a lot of natural beauty and amazing historical cities. There was great hiking, stunning beaches, and delicious food.
What's the greatest thing you got away with in school?|Making over $600 for doing peoples homework and some online tests. I’m at a university so I could get expelled if they looked hard enough.
Building a playlist to get me through a long night at work, what are some of your favorite songs that make you dance?|Feel It Still -  Portugal. The Man  Edit: a word
How do you choose your porn?|That recommended tab is pretty useful, though sometimes I want to look up specific things.
You are in charge of what to use in the place of up to 16 tons of concrete in the Falcon Heavy's test flight. If it could be absolutely anything, what would you send hurtling out of Earth's gravity to orbit the sun for up to a billion years?|16 tons of dildos.
What should you ALWAYS cheap out on?|sloots
What’s your go to fun fact or interesting story for when there’s a lull in the conversation?|so what do you think we should do about the all consuming death spiral of capitalism and colonialism
What is the best way to sabotage a Keurig coffee maker?|Take a dump in it.
If you could show only one thing to someone who visits your state, what would it be?|Ohio: heroin
Animator's of Reddit: Where is the best place for someone with no experience, to learn how to animate?|The Remarkable Kingdom of Internet™.
What are some of the best RES tweaks/settings that you've discovered?|I just discovered RES today. I like the live preview for the post a lot, along with the shortcuts to format text. The settings seem kind of overwhelming and have a lot of options to configure. Just looking to see what everybody else uses or has found that comes in really handy.
Attractive women, how often are you hit on in person?|I've found that it really depends on the setting and who I'm with. When I'm at a bar with female friends, it happens quite often. When I'm with guys as well, especially my boyfriend, it happens less often. When I'm just walking around the city during the day, it happens every once in a while.
What would the day planner for your pet look like?|Sleep Eat Shit
Reddit, what’s your favorite suspenseful book?|The Hunt for Red October is literally suspense from the first chapter onwards. If you like thrillers, specifically techno-thrillers, I'd recommend it.
Why the price of old videogames and consoles rise up their price over the time, if they are now obsolete?|Because they aren't made anymore. There is a finite amount of them left.
What is too late but they say it’s never too late?|Starting a new job when you're older.  You might be capable but I think young people will take precedence in hiring.
People who were once addicted, when did you realize that you were?|When I start spend my savings on drugs.
If you could be a superstar athlete in any sport, which would you chose and what would your nickname be?|I’d be a superstar baseball player, they’d call me Goodwood
If you had to wear one outfit for the rest of your life, what would you choose and why?|Jeans, with zippers at the knee so they can become shorts. A lightweight hoodie, where the arms and hood are removable.
Where Are the Best Places to Honeymoon?|Any place where you won’t be reached by phone, email, telegram. Just you and the wife.
Should school be more of a democracy and be focused more on how to be a citizen (which includes personal and state responsibilities like taxes, how to manage money and how to actually manage a home)?|"This gets asked quite often, but many schools do have home education, finance education, and other classes geared around ""becoming an adult"", and the trend is only increasing."
What is the worst video game rip off you've seen on the app store or Google play?|im not telling you. i dont give those games free advertising
What's something your friends and family still don't know about you?|That I wank
What times have you been punished for something you didn’t do and why did you get the blame?|In middle school in the bathroom I told my friend i heard you can flood a bathroom by putting hand towels in the sink and leaving on the taps. I just thought it was interesting. I left the bathroom and she did it. When she got caught she said we’d done it together, and when I tried to explain they took that to mean I’d given her instructions, and I had to do the cleanup with her. We weren’t friends after that.
"What's a saying used where you're from similar to...""a normal day in Russia""?"|Meanwhile in Florida...
What is your opinion on Demi Lovato's love of UFC - and how does her love of bloodied, shirtless men fighting affect her status as a role model for young women?|"First, this is a ridiculous question and you should feel bad. But I'll answer. She trains MMA. She doesn't ""love bloodied, shirtless men."" She likes the sport and that has nothing to do with her being a role model or not."
what's your weirdest public boner experience?|I had a erection in class and the teacher asked me to stand up and speak to the class so I had to do this awkward turning motion so no one saw. I’m sure at least 25% of the class saw
What do you get mad at when other people do, but still do yourself?|Not following instructions, thinking you know better.
What is a nice way to tell your parents that you've burned down their Nutella shed?|Good news, the back yard smells great...
What do you do for motivation?|look at my fugly self in the mirror
What is your music genres equivalent to stairway to heaven?|So i put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
What character made your eyes roll so hard back that you summoned a demonic force?|OP's mom in cartoon form
What is your favorite, somewhat professional font?|Century. It takes up the most space without looking conspicuous.
what was the scariest thing that ever happen to you while in the shower?|a spider
If you have to order someone to do something, and you get $50 million if they can't do it but they get it all if they can, what do you order them to do?|Jump a speeding semi truck
Whats a random scar on your body? How did you get it?|I had a mole removed from my cheek when I was 16. It was done by a plastic surgeon, so there was not meant to be a scar. 22 years later and you can not only see the line from the cut, but also the lines from the stitches. Makes me look like a pirate.
If you had an all expenses paid vacation for one week to any destination in the world, where would you go?|New zealand, I'm a fan of mountains, snow, and lotr.
What's the strangest thing you or someone else did because of being sleep deprived?|Tried doing a front flip to try to knock my self out
What is the oldest, non-updated, website on the internet right now?|http://www.zombo.com/
Do you prefer thin cut fries or thick cut fries and from where?|Thick sweet potato wedges...mmmmmmm.....
Who should pay for the date and why?|"If you ask someone on a date, you pay.  
If it's some mutual thing you split it.  
If you insist on some expensive ass place, you pay."
What are the worst foods to vomit? What are the best (least bad)?|Worst food is eggs and milk. Best food is ice cream.
Blind people of reddit, if you could see again, what place/face would you want to see first?|Sorry, I can't see what you're saying.
What is neither overrated nor underrated, but is held to the exact esteem it deserves?|I am at a loss.
Ladies of Reddit what are you thoughts about stay at home dads?|Dad’s in general are hot. I should be more specific.. good dads especially if they know how to cook.
What job is cooler in real life than how it is depicted in TV and movies?|Astronaut
What are some songs that tell a good story?|Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald by Gordon Lightfoot  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9vST6hVRj2A
Police officers and 911 dispatch, what's the craziest or funniest call you have ever received?|"My best friend is a cop and his girlfriend is a dispatcher.  Funniest call he's ever told me about is this woman who called 911 because her boyfriend didn't let her finish during sex. Her exact words were ""he just nut and left"". I have no idea what you even say to that."
What business idea would be an undisputed money maker but cause almost unanimous outrage?|Insurance
Redditors with parents with POWER: How did they get to where they are from your perspective?|They bought that Kanye album.
Redditors, have you ever thought of something, but not posted it, only to see it hit the Front Page later when posted by someone else?|FUCKING YES. THIS. HOLY FUCKING ***SHIT***. This pisses me off. For example, I’ve seen like 5 times where some video I’ve known of for years but thought everyone had seen it, and then the next day it gets like 50K upvotes. ;w;
Why did/do you have to get up in the middle of the night?|Cat is meowing and body slamming my door because he wants to sleep on my legs.
What's the worst thing to happen to you or a friend while UTI?|Urinary Tract Infection?
What Married... with Children spin-off would you watch?|Married with children, Married with children.
What's a blatant clue that it's a good time to nope the fuck out?|Someone brings up politics
Dear people of reddit, why did you stop drinking coffee?|It gave me major jitters and anxiety. I wanted to wake up, but not at the expense of the rest of my day. Even decaf gave me the jitters, and it makes me sad because I love the taste of coffee :(
What's the most gangster thing you've ever seen your teacher do?|Body slam a kid who was trying to yell at and fight another student.
Are you the kind of person who cuts tags off new clothes or rips them off? Why?|I tear them the FUCK OFF. My soul must do this for cleansing. Thank you for asking sir/ma'am.
What is that thing that you just can’t seem to remember?|The day before I was born
What is your favorite comfort food?|Burritos
How would you raise a baby clone of yourself?|Better
What’s your favorite candle scent?|Lemons and Ketchup.
What is something inexpensive that everyone should experience at least once?|The name brand version of whatever thing your mom only got the generic version of.
What differentiates us from robots/AI?|Pointless ritual and mindless superstition
Non caffeine drinkers, what do you do to stay awake or are you just tired all the time?|workout, that keeps my energy up until i get into bed
If you could be Elon musk for a day what would you do?|I'd sign over all of my stock options to my real identity.
What “fun fact” isn’t so fun?|The original night stalker killed and raped over 50 people and was never captured. Fun!
What property of yours would you send to Mars?|mah body
If all of your exes were put in a room together, how would they all get along?|There would be at least one shanking
Out of likely/common methods, what do you think would be the worst way for you to die?|the worst way to die is burning to death.
While growing up, what was a rule your parents had that now seems ridiculous as an adult?|That’s interesting. There’s logic in both the rule and the way you just explained how it backfires. In high school, my disinter had that same rule (about giving up her phone before bed) and it drove her nuts.
What's still 'too soon' to make fun of?|"Nothing. Since humor is a well-defined coping mechanism, the idea that joking about something can be ""too soon"" is harmful to victims that may seek out humor as a coping mechanism. e: I might, however, suggest that it's *too late* to make fun of something - as an example, no one is still ""coping"" with the holocaust, so jokes about the holocaust just seem in bad taste after so long."
What is your I trusted a fart story?|then i shot out some melted hershey kisses
What is the dumbest thing you've gotten in trouble for at your work?|Taking too much extra Teriyaki sauce with my employee lunch. Yes my boss was very petty.
"What screams ""I have a crush on you""?"|when i send unsolicited dick pics
People who vote for movies on rotten tomatoes before you've seen the movie, why do you do this?|I just want to see the world burn.
What is the most statistically likely thing that has never happened to you?|I’m 19 and I haven’t yet been in a car accident.
How has society being competitive affected you?|It's affected me the least out of everyone here. I'm the least competitive person in the world, I guarantee it.
If you could choose anything to launch into space and be able to livestream it like SpaceX, what would it be?|Myself
Employers of Reddit: Why do employees despise their employers ?|We literally have to pay these people to keep showing up, I don't know why they wouldn't sort of hate it.
How likey is it that we have unknowingly eaten dogs or cats in a restaurant?|If you live in a developed country virtually zero.
What would happen if a person without any mental ailments (i.e., depression, anxiety) started taking anti-depressants?|Not much in it for you unless youd like to experience the horrible side effects
How did you lose your virginity? [nsfw]|I didn't.
What are some subreddits that you're surprised exist?|r/ButtSharpies NSFW
What is the foulest thing you’ve ever smelled?|The stuff that comes out of a dogs anal glands.
What is something horrible that everyone should experience at least once?|working retail
You are in the bathroom stall with your pants around your ankles with only an apple in your possession. 20 trained, knife fighting 5 year olds come in, what do you do to win?|"I would poop and cover myself in my poop and come out screaming ""I have cooties."" They will scurry like roaches and I will be saved."
It is said that one who lives in a glass house shouldn't throw stones. Does this tenet hold true for one whose glass house has a machine gun turret on the roof?|Yes! Because they _still_ have a glass house! It'll be vulnerable af no matter what
What kinds of jobs typically offer training for new employees with no prior experience in that kind of work?|if you go to a local UAW office they often hire people with no experiance then train them in the 'trades' (plumbing, pipe fitting, welding, electricians etc...).
Reddit, if you got to design your dream phone, what feature would you include?|I’m pretty happy with where phones are currently at, feature wise. I honestly can’t think of a “needed” feature that we don’t already have. Only things I can really think of are things like upgrades (cameras, screens, etc).
What is your “I liked ___ before it was cool” moment?|"The internet. It seems like it wasn't so long ago I was being teased and bullied over ""that computer nerd shit."""
If you had to have sex with one pokemon, who would you choose and why?|whats that plant pokemon that looks like it wants to suck ur dick? That one
What would the internet and social media be like if there were no more anonymity?|There’d probably be less garbage. People mostly say mean stuff to others because they’re anonymous and therefore think it makes them untouchable.
What subject do you only care about because the reddit hive mind cares about it?|Donald Trump. I dislike him but most days I don't even think about him until I get on reddit.
If there were a movie being made about your life, what is the one tagline you would use to entice people to watch?|Curiosity may have killed the cat but it made George famous.
"What was your ""I don't give a fuck"" moment?"|Whenever my co-workers try to tell me about their truck, what they are planning to do to their trucks, or times they have driven their trucks fast.
Tinder Users, what were your creepiest/lamest/scariest experiences?|I once set a hillside on fire during a particularly long, hot summer using a match, a golf club head and a little tinder.
Reddit, what do you want to get off your chest?|Nice try FBI
What's the most creative insult you have ever received?|"/r/RoastMe  Three friends posted a picture of themselves to be roasted. Looked like your typical high school freshmen.  **Top comment:** ""You guys have enough chromosomes to make a fourth friend."""
What quote made you change the way you look at things?|We judge ourselves by our intentions and others by their actions
How often do you see the first light of the sunrise as it peeks over the horizon?|Every day pretty much.  Usually up by 4:30 or 5, having coffee on the balcony until 6 or so when I start my day for real.
What subreddits would you want to contribute more to, if you had the means and knowledge to do so?|Creepshots and upskirts
What game do you recommend to play if I don't have much time?|If you're into crypto and don't have much time, take a look at aethia.co (no reflink). They are in pre-alpha and start on the 19th of february afaik.. that would give you enough time to save up until then :P
What is the dumbest thing you've gotten in trouble for at work?|Mosaic law.
What are tell-tale signs that someone is a closet virgin?|They are a fetus
What is your favorite comic strip?|calvin and hobbes pretty much fox trot was ok too
Will there ever come a time when, Facebook has more profiles of dead folk than alive folk?|probably.  Facebook is boring and stale.  I imagine it will be abandoned by more and more people who will die and no few new people will sign up and keep up with their profiles.  If everyone thought like I did, then Facebook would be checked very infrequently and and status posts would be rare.
What is the greatest one liner ever?|Hug it out, bitch - Michael Scott
Why's Jordan Peterson so famous? Why do you like him?|Personally since hes a striaght foward no bullshit kind of guy. Also usually has pretty articulated arguments
Why do drivers feel the need to slam on their brakes when nothing is in front of them?|Most of us don't...
What’s the best case of well-behaved kids you’ve ever seen?|My friends kids. I used to babysit them all the time while their parents had a date night, and it was barely an effort watching them.
Do you think relationships where both people don't feel like they 'need' each other lack emotional connection? Why/why not?|Why do you keep asking this?
Whats the worst music lyric you've heard?|“Cause im the shit, literally”
What’s the worst thing you’ve mistakenly eaten and in the dark?|Shaving cream. except it was off of church carpet in broad light.
What is a name that you absolutely cannot stand?|We all have names we hate based on our experiences in life. Or just names you just hate for that simple reason.  Mine: Walter, Crystal, Albert, Chantelle, Skyla
What is a small thing, that if everyone did it, it would make the world a better place?|Telling people you’re fine instead of it’s all good or you’re good.
What are some reasons immigrants spend 40 years in a country illegally and make no effort to become a citizen??|"""hi I'm here illegally I'd like to be real citizen now"" ""No, you're being deported."" ""Oh."""
What things did you do at school that were witnessed by staff that you should have gotten into trouble for but did not?|my gf would do all my hw. teachers knew but they wanted me to play football so they were cool with it
What’s the best compliment that someone can receive?|"""You're almost as good as I am"""
People who have sued someone how did it turn out? What did you gain/loose?|My mom sued our contractor after he stole our copper pipes and made off with >100k that he was supposed to use on rebuilding our house after a fire. It went on for a couple years but he ended up declaring bankruptcy and we got nothing. Fuck you Bill!
People who roll through stop signs, but go the speed limit; why do you follow some laws of the road but disregard other laws?|Probably cause they try to do what they feel is right, not what's necessarily legal.
Plumbers of Reddit, what was the strangest thing you've seen on the job?|One time I saw poop
What’s the best compliment that someone can receive?|Someone told me after class that they appreciate that I'm always willing to joke and make light of anything I don't know or do poorly on.  In college you find a lot of people very willing to admit when they do well, but it can feel suffocating when the only things you hear are people killing it. There's a lot of people just trying to pass or are content with a B in a particularly hard class, and it's hard to find or hear from them. I was super happy to hear this one particular time when I took some pressure off this one guy (lab partner).
"What is your favorite ""What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas"" story?"|I had a hooker hit me up for some fun. Fun that costs 200$/hr.. instead i asked her what would 5$ get me? She held my hand for a couple minutes.
Reddit, what's the worst possible gift you could give you SO on Valentine's Day?|Pregnancy
What was you doing yesterday at 5:02PM?|I were practicing my grammar.
People who partied hard in their 20s: How did you clean up your act?|I used bleach, its an effective cleaner at removing stains.
What character's gruesome death from an otherwise family-friendly movie really struck a chord with you?|The little shoe from Who Framed Roger Rabbit. It was a sad and horrified chord.
What have you done in the past that you are the most ashamed of?|"The thing that I am most ashamed of...
Actually, two things..
First, receiving a goofy Snoopy-shaped car air refresher from my mum and bc I didnt want my ""cool"" friends to make fun of me, I threw it out of the window. My mum found it in the gutter the next day. That hurt look in her eyes is something I'll never forget... 
Second, not being strong enough to walk away from a toxic relationship and letting my former boyfriend take control over my life and my body."
Why are Trump and the Republicans polling better now?|take a look at the economy... people are starting to have more money because of their policies... more money makes people happy
What’s the most embarrassing thing you or somebody you know have done in the school lunchroom?|Some girl got caught giving naughty lickings once.
What’s something you’re embarrassed about, that other people probably don’t even notice?|I have big ears. Big and pointy. I usually hide them in my thick hair so that people won't notice that I'm a 6'1 hobbit.
What is the dumbest comment you have seen posted on Reddit?|This one
People of Reddit, what is the best thing that has ever happened to you because of Reddit?|well the people on reddit have been giving me advice so the best thing that could ever happen to me could be because of reddit too early to tell but Reddit could get me in a romantic relationship with my crush, in that people are giving me advice and motivation
People who think watching porn is cheating, why?|I already quit porn! Is my Emma Watson background image too salacious? Should I only look at men now?
What's the biggest event you've got the ticket to?|Rock on the Range
What things started out great but were ruined once they were changed/updated?|Snapchat
"What does ""Be undefined"" mean to you, and is that positive or a negative thing to you ?"|sounds like some bullshit marketing term from coke or something
What's always wrongly portrayed in movies?|How much random sex happens.
How does lemon juice correct the pH of your scalp to help with dandruff? How does one's scalp end up with a pH that dries and creates flakes?|/r/AskScience or /r/ExplainLikeImFive I don't think lemon juice actually does anything for dandruff.
What's the most surprising turn one of your sexual encounters has taken?|I didn't expect to fall backwards, stumble the length of the room and fall over in a pile of cuddly toys.
What is the most satisfying sound you've ever heard?|Bubble wrap being popped with the THX sound in the background.
If you could give someone else a super power, what would you give them?|The ability to stay positive
What does it mean when someone says “you act different than you look” ?|Your actions don’t match the assumptions they made based on your appearance
Bartenders/Waiters what would it take to pick you up?|Just lift with your legs and it should be no problem for most people.
What’s much more straight forward than people are lead to believe?|The human mind.  I think there's too great a tendency to run to psychologists or counselors when dealing with normal feelings.   Of course mental illness is another matter which must be dealt with.
What is something you shouldn't eat, but actually tastes better than expected?|Rustlers burgers
"What was the worst instance of ""zero tolerance"" you've seen in school?"|"I was almost ""arrested"" in high school because the vice principal searched my bag and there was some grass (Actual grass, not the slang term) in the front pouch since that's where I kept my marching band stuff.  That guy was a moron."
Why don't people flush public toilets?|Maybe they're really impressed and think others should see it.
Do you think relationships where both parties don't feel like they *need* each other are empty an superficial? Why/why not?|"No. A relationship isn’t about NEEDing the other person. Should be more about uniting to be a supportive team for each other and that kind of thing. 
In my opinion you never necessarily *need* someone else. Seems a little unhealthy and insecure if someone needs their SO to the point they think they’re lost/depressed etc without them"
Which of your favourite songs would you give a pass to if you'd only read it's lyrics?|I don't think i'd ever guess what a fantastic musician Tom Jones is if I only had the lyrics to what's new pussycat in front of me
Which is your favorite TV series and why?|The Office. Nearly everything about it is perfect.
Whats the funniest way you saw someone get caught for cheating?|He fucking told me seconds after he dumped me for my bff..........this was 6th grade
Why tattoo user can't donate blood?|www.google.com
Which track is better suited for a student interested in the sciences; AP or IB?|Either is fine. Colleges accept them in the same way most of the time. If you're going to college after high school, either look up what AP/IB tests they accept as credit and which college equivalent courses they count for, or contact them and ask. Plan accordingly to what credit you'll receive.
What is something your parents said to you that may have not been a big deal, but they will never know how much it affected you?|do not fuck when she has mens
Redditors, does the calorie counts listed on menus actually affect what you order?|if I'm trying to decide between 2-3 items, it might help break the tie. also helpful to point out stealthy unhealthy items, like some salads.
White men of reddit, what are some prejudices you face in society?|Really, really tired of the notion that I have a job in my field just because I'm a straight, white, hetero male. Fuck all the hard work I did to get myself here, I'm only in a tech role because MUH BOIIZ KKKLUB
Does Canada have an equivalent of bounty hunters? How do they work?|They politely ask people to come with them in exchange for a bottle of maple syrup, a poutine and a good old beavertail.
What are some weird things you've been told that you do/say in your sleep that you weren't aware of until your significant other told you?|"I worked for subway for 5 or so years. I would occasionally ask questions if I were at work. ""What kind of bread?"" ""What kind of veggies would you like?"" She would answer the questions and see how far I could go. Apparently she's ordered a plethora of sandwiches from me while I'm passed the fuck out."
Why does marijuana smoke look thicker and whiter than cigarette smoke?|Tobacco is dryer than Marijuana. More moisture = more smoke. Ever put damp leaves on a fire? They smoke more than dry wood.
Aside for the obvious ones, who are the worst youtubers and why?|I got rid of YouTube already, with all that dangerous language crap, all that computer crap, not to mention that sick asmr. Enough was enough, time was up
"Who was ""that asshole"" that ruined your day and deserved a good punch?"|Oh no, what did I unknowingly get myself into today? It's getting crazy 😵
Why do olives have such a metallic taste?|They do? Are you sure you didn't eat metal olive replicas?
Why does this feel like an alternate universe?|And America elected the orange joke from TV.
What are you doing for Valentine’s day?|Hopefully busting a nut in my fianceé's mouth
What’s something that looks difficult but is actually easy?|Using your nutsack to lift newsprint off  the page like silly putty. It looks uncomfortable but it's really just a matter of moisture and making sure it's warm enough for maximum elasticity.
Just who the hell do you think you are?|"""I'm Toby..."""
Which coworker of yours got fired for a good reason?|"Co-worker was basically a frat boy working as a file clerk. He somehow managed to be super condescending and misogynistic to near every female in our office, some of them were attorneys. Basically his tone was excessively patronizing and when asked if he was mocking them, in the same tone he would say things like ""Of course I'm not mocking you, you're so good at what you do I'd never mock someone so smart"""
People who are constantly texting, snapchatting, instagramming, whatever -- how can you possibly have that much to say?|I’m going back and forth with the same 5-6 people.
What is your opinion on the Star Wars prequels?|Nowhere near as bad as everyone says. And Revenge of the Sith is actually one of my favorite Star Wars movies.
What is the best thing you've done in the past 24 hours?|Went up 200sr in overwatch. I live a crazy life
What are the little things you can do for your significant other to show that you care?|call them randomly. especially if the SO is a girl. they love that
If you could be the best at only one game, what would you choose?|Poker. Plenty of money to win if you're the best.
Dear party animals of Reddit, what are ways that you prep yourself before a night of hard drinking?|A solid base of food—nothing that will cause adverse effects with the alcohol, and plenty of water throughout the day in preparation of the night. I’ll drink a cup of coffee as well if it’s going to be a long night.
What had you been saying wrong for ages before someone pointed it out?|My boyfriend has been calling superman ‘Ken Clark’ his entire life and no one corrected him.
Whats the worst thing you've found on the internet?|Adblocker blockers.
What was your favorite film as a child? Is grown-up you proud or embarrassed?|Indiana Jones. Definitely proud.
Whats the best book you've read so far ?|Ok ok, I'll delete my books. God knows what trouble I can get myself into with all that dangerous knowledge between those pages.
What negative habits do you think we as humans have developed over time?|Shallowness
Redditors of other countries, what were your initial thoughts when you heard about the terror attacks on 9-11?|Initial thoughts?  I remember i was watching Dirty Harry on DVD and when that finished the BBC news was on TV and I thought I was watching a well-made TV disaster movie for at least half an hour.
How do you know that your girlfriend is cheating on you?|Doesn't matter, if you're asking this you already don't trust her. The relationship is already over.
What are the best songs for healing?|No need to beat a dead horse, it's over. Unless this is your Victory lap.
"Who is truly a modern day ""wizard"" of their craft?"|Elon Musk
What is in your playlist?|fire
Why are adult friendships hard to make and keep?|Because with friendships in school, we see our friends almost everyday for months.  With adult friendships, you have to go out of your way to plan time to see each other. And most of the time people aren't free at the same time.
Drivers that cut people off to jump one car ahead in slow traffic, what do you do with the saved time?|Absolutely nothing. Best part is getting to pass those people that did that.
People who wear contacts, what brand do you use?|Acuvue oasys 2 weekly lenses
People who have been in a long term relationship, how have your sexual preferences changed since the beginning?|My SO really got me into BDSM stuff. Wasn’t really crazy about it before we were together.
If you could have a HUD in real life, what would you put on it?|Life Bar.
What are the best real-life whodunnit stories?|Jack the ripper
Drinkers of reddit what is your best hangover cure?|Sleep and lots of water.  Alkaseltzer works great if you can't get sleep though.
What’s the time now for you?|17:28
What movie will still be quoted in 157 years?|Star Wars
College students - what is/was your favorite class?|"Inorganic Chemistry, I found it interesting despite the complicated orbitals of the heavier atoms.  It seemed easier to calculate than the complicated reactions of the organic molecules.  The lab was more interesting too.  Plus my professor, attempting to write on the chalk board with white phosphorus, to show it's glow, had a chunk of the white phosphorus burst into flames in the classroom because it was exposed to Oxygen in the air.  Seeing him yell ""Shit!"" and jump to stomp it out was a highlight."
What's the closest you've been to completely ruining your life?|Gambling
"Reddit, what's your top ""holy shit, that worked!"" moment?"|I ditched school in 11th grade and plead insanity.
People who have seen a bride and groom call off a wedding just before it started, what happened and why was it called off?|Bride's father got severely sick.  So it wasn't really called off, just postponed until he got better.
What is the one song in your head when you do something really exciting?|The John Cena Theme Song.
Why does the Fifty Shades of Grey movie franchise get so much flack? Are negative film reviews a reaction to the book franchise's popularity?|No, they're just really terrible. I can get a better story from a cheap 30-minute porno than I could from all 3 of the movies.
"Gamers of Reddit, what was the best moment of your ""career""?"|I’ll never forget when I achieved a 50 skill rating on Halo 3. I worked really hard for it.
How can you make sure someone knows that you're a menace to society?|Take people's lawn ornaments and arrange them in sexually interactive poses, or for less effort just go around keying random cars.
How expensive is Disney World?|To buy or visit?
Who was by far the coolest teacher you had?|Mr. Smit for biology. He was old as heck, seemed to take nothing serious, ate crayons and most of all, his knowledge far exceeded the  books we used.
What is the most unexplainable thing you frequently experience in day to day life?|How my director still has a job.
What’s the song lyric that you relate to most?|Ah oo fresh out the bed
What is your proudest achievement?|Built my own pc at the age of 14 saved up for 2 years high end pc
What is something you wish to forget ?|Everything embarrassing and awkward that has ever happened to me.
How might the course of history have changed if social media was prevalent in the early 1900s?|Wars may have been less likely
What was something you did that was absolutely amazing but, since no one saw you doing it they will never believe you ?|Oh oh I have one! I got off the treadmill the other day by sliding off it without turning it off! I even looked around to see if someone noticed but nobody did :(
What is the worst thing you've done at school or work where you got caught but remained unpunished?|i put a small explosive device in one of my moms cigarettes she smoked it while she was driving down the road
Adults of Reddit, what advice would you give to a recent graduate starting their first full time job?|Do what you have to do until there's more things that you have to do.
"Gamers of Reddit : How much money have you spent in ""free to play"" games?"|Over the last 18 years, maybe $20.
What's the craziest thing you've seen someone do in the pursuit of an artistic goal?|I've seen news about artists who drink paint in order to poop it and make paintings this way.
Guys out there, besides sex what's the best Valentines gift you could receive?|A girlfriend
"Students: What was the most ""I don't give a fuck"" thing a tenured professor or teacher has ever done in your class?"|"Not a ""tenured"" professor...but we once had a substitute teacher show up blazed out of his mind because his mother was a tenured teacher and he figured he was untouchable by association."
Whats your earliest memory?|Having the mumps on my 4th birthday and receiving a little plastic bowling set from my grandmother.
What movie is better than the book?|Ive always felt this way about the shining
Is carbon dating unreliable? Why or why not?|What the hell is carbon dating?
What's Your Fashion Style Like?|"Kinda normie emo. I used to be fully emo but now I'm more ""normal"" just with darker colours.  Simply put my fashion style is shit."
Is there some subreddit where are people that killed someone?|r/findareddit
What's the most random thing you've ever said?|WABBA LUBBA DUB DUB
What’s your opinion on men wearing women’s swimsuits?|I like the way it compliments my bulge
Which tie looks better. Red or blue?|Depends what the suit looks like.
What was the easiest job and most challenging job you've ever had?|"My easiest job was working as a pallet builder at Amazon 
And my hardest job was working as a Barista at Starbucks"
Which do you recommend - Sams Club or Costco?|whichever has a more convenient location and/or better parking lot
People who dated brothers/sisters: How was it?|Asking for a friend?
What are your feelings about chronic purveyors of weed driving and working while high?|I'd rather work and drive with stoners than someone blitzed on prescription drugs.
girls of reddit,What type of colors do you usually wear for lipstick?|none
Men who pull their pants all the way down at the urinal...Why do you do it?|assert my dominance
Fucking Magnets- how do they work?|God damn scientist need to explain it!
What's a weird habit you have that no one else you know does?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
(NSFW) If you're a guy who cried after sex. What triggered it and why?|I was just so vulnerable after watching Up
If there was a story from your life that could be posted to sadcringe, what would it be?|My love life It was more cringe than sad in my 20s, if a girl so much as smiled at me I thought that was a sign and would obsess over her then get devastated and as much as I hate to admit this, sometimes a little mean, when nothing happened which was every time. I'm ashamed of this but if it had been a thing at the time I would have very likely been part of an incel group. Then in my 30s - present there was just one relationship that lasted a month and taught me that since I had gone my whole life without being in a relationship I was really bad at it.
Whats a thing that crosses your mind from time to time?|not that I expect it to happen, but what my game plan would be if my marriage ever went tits up or my husband died.
Why do you hate Reddit and why do you come back to it?|it keeps me up at night. i come back every night to see whats good w askreddit even though i need to sleep
What is the name of the Apparition instructor who comes to Hogwarts in Harry’s sixth year?|Wilkie Twycross
Guys, which type watches do you prefer to wear?|massive smartphone.
With excessive use of profanity added in, what is your favorite movie quote?|Nanny Mcfuckingmcphee.
What's the brattiest thing you've ever seen someone do?|"I'm a morning gym person, usually get there at about 6 workout until 8 and get to work. This guy started getting in just a little earlier than me and then he'd set up on all 3 squat racks and super set on all of them. I asked him if I could work in between his rests and he literally said ""no, now fuck off"" so I started getting in at 5:30 right when them gym opened just to make sure I'm using the equipment he wants It's been 2 weeks of this, I wonder when he'll break and say something, so far I've only gotten shitty looks from him"
What’s the most ridiculous stereotype you’ve ever heard about your country?|American cuisine being bad. For all the people who talk shit, another from that same country is coming here to learn how to cook. 30% of the student body at the Culinary institute of America are foreigners, most notably from Korea, China, and Europe. Lots from Israel and Mexico as well. That school singlehandedly put Le Cordon Bleu out of business. American cuisine is great.
What is a term or condition that actually exist but is so over/incorrectly used by most of the population that you don't believe it when you hear it?|OCD
What's the point of struggling to maintain a relationship if passion doesn't come naturally?|Long term relationships require each party to work for it
What Colors Look Best On You?|I have red skin undertones and green eye, so earth colors and blues look best on me.
Would you be able to fight back your bully if your mind goes back in time to your 10yo self? Why?|I was able to fight my bully when I was 10. Was always taught that bullies are pussies and if you fight them they will leave you alone. It's not always true, but it's mostly true.
Whats the weirdest thing your pet has done ?|Endlessly bark at me everytime I fall asleep regardless if it's night or day or she has been fed already. She only stops unless I lock her in her cage.
How did you find out someone IRL was a redditor?|if they know what Reddit is 60 percent chance they may be a redditor
Redditors who farted while receiving a blowjob, what happened next?|Oops I shitted
If all the laws and rules in the world were renounced right now, what would happen?|Chaos.
Which profession is getting paid well and actually deserves it?|engineers. Nurses. surgeons.
Why does flirting gets hard when you grew up?|It got easier for me
Redditors, what are some of the most common/your favorite slang words/phrases. And where are you from?|Poeslekker. South Africa.
What are your flirting techniques?|Stand around awkwardly until she approached me and asks me out.
New kitchen coming soon, what must I not forget?|Cast iron skillet
Why didn’t you pursue the thing you really wanted?|I did and failed. Now I'm back at the drawing board.
What’s the “E.T. Atari cartridges” of other things that nobody talks about?|Championship apparel for the losing team.  They have to have all those hats, jerseys, shirts ready for whoever wins, but what happens to all the items for the loser that declare them as 'Champion'?
What is the craziest thing that's ever happened at your family dinner?|My aunt poured ketchup over my brother
"Do you believe in ""signs"" from the universe? What are some of your experiences that make you consider?"|I am not what most people would call superstitious. I don't practice religion nor believe in ghosts. However, if my way to work is blocked in the morning I take that as a sign to turn around and go home that day. My bosses are just fine with it and laugh at the pictures I take of what was blocking my way. 3 weeks ago was the last instance and it was because of a truck burning on the highway blocking my exit to work.
Are all men, who pay for sex, losers?|They aren’t paying for sex, they are paying them to leave.
What is a bad tease that you tease a crush/SO about?|Telling someone crushing on you that you guys should hang out sometime and then forgetting all about it while they neurotically count the days since you said that lol.
What is your least favorite song by your favorite artist?|True Hallucination Speak by Cynic.  'Snap... Snap crackle and pop...'
The last time you had sex with your ex before breaking up, how did it go?|It was fine. Breakup was unrelated to sex.
People who agree/disagree with the idea of eSports actually being real sports. What are your arguments?|"It's not a ""sport"" in the same way that football and soccer are sports, but it's competitive and being good takes a lot of practice and natural talent. If Nascar is a sport, then so  is competitive counterstrike."
Why is being single looked down upon?|The older you get, if you’re still single, there must be something wrong with you.
Gamer Redditors, either involved or not involved, what is the worst case of toxic gamer incidents that you've seen?|The swatting that led to police shooting and killing a man named Andrew Finch.
When have you ever deliberately taken a pay cut?|I took a ~10% pay cut to move to a new city. The new city is much more expensive so I am not saving anything, but it is a place that I thought would be good for my family. It was not ideal -- mostly because the timeframe was tight to get a job. In the past I have jumped up around 15-20% when switching jobs. I'm conflicted on how long to stay here since I don't want to bounce around too often in my professional career. I should be almost back where I was in about a year.
Best way to go about starting a business? Other than having a business plan, what else is some good advice?|Make sure you have affordable yet reliable resources to help you get started.  Find an attorney and accountant who can make sure you are protected and set up properly.  Find an advisor in your industry who can help mentor you.   There are lots of people out there who want to support entrepreneurs without charging you an arm and a leg.   Also, assume you’ll need twice the money you think to get started up, unless you’ve started and run a business before.
In your opinion, what is the most criminally underrated game of all time?|Good old Hide-n-Seek
Do you know anyone who has never owned a mobile phone or computer?|My grandma. She will never have either seeing as she as Alzheimer’s now.
What is an unethical talent that you're really proud of?|Great gambler
What do you call it when you exaggerate the female form?|hentai
How would you make the worst video ever made?|First I’d get my wife to shoot it, no one would have a head and watching more than 2 minutes would induce a stroke.
What are some ways exes have actually gotten their ex S/O fired from a job after they broke up?|called the manager and told him to drug test me because I smoked pot. what she didn't know was that we were friends outside of work and smoked together all the time.
People of Reddit, have you ever had to call CPS on a household and why? How did it turn out?|My coworker was drinking caffeine while pregnant. I had CPS on standby.
Are there ways to proactively delay or prevent hair loss in men? And if there are, what are they?|Decapitation is almost guaranteed to stop further hair loss.
What are some of the funniest slang words or nicknames you’ve heard?|My favorite is “the devil’s lettuce” for weed.
What are The Best Online Dating Sites to Find True Love?|Reddit ;)
What is friendship to you?|Something I wanted and could never get.
What are single player games you like to play,and relatively new?|NieR: Automata
What petty thing is actually a big red flag in a relationship?|If they're rude to service workers when they don't get their way. That means someday they're going to be rude to YOU when they don't get their way.
People of Reddit, in 30 years time what widely accepted theories do you think will have been refuted?|That caloric content of foods makes you fat. What happens if you put a laxative in ice cream? Will it still make you fat?
What is your favorite video game of all time?|Mario World 2: Yoshis Island
What is something someone did in public that absolutely blew your mind?|Block trains or traffic and then be upset when people get hurt
If a mirror were to reflect nothing, what color would the mirror be?|I think most mirrors are silver.
What technology will be obsolete in the next 10 years ?|Fax machines.  They take up too much space and only work like 75% of the time.
Which movie has the best cinematography?|The Room
People who rejected their SO the first time, what made you change your mind?|After 11 years I thought he'd finally grown up.
What’s the most outlandish plan you’ve witnessed somebody succeed at?|Watched a fellow classmate go from a 1.7 GPA to graduating with a near 3.5 and receiving a bunch of honors and honestly I think that's crazy
Policewomen and policemen of Reddit, could you tell people are speeding and slowing down when they see you guys?|My mom's a cop. She's said before that she can tell when someone is slowing down just because they saw her, and she almost never pulls those people over. The idea being that at least they had the decency to pretend they were following the speed limit. It's the people who don't give a shit that really need a ticket.
What's your guilty pleasure?|Taylor Swift’s 1989 album. And the original Dirty Dancing.
What did you discover early on that is now mainstream?|Being a cancerous asshole.
What event made your run like you had never run before?|My leg braces finally broke off.
What is your most shame-ridden, embarrassment of a story?|"One time there was a house party at a friend’s house. One other friend convinced me to drink a shit ton of alcohol (I was very inexperienced drinking), and I got so drunk I jumped in the pool naked. At least by this point most people had already left, except this girl Annabelle and her best friend. Annabelle was one of the hottest girls in our school, and apparently I stripped danced for her...
All my guy friends made fun of me cuz my dick was flaccid, which made it worse since I’m not hung. 
Next day I apologized to her and she said it was funny and that mine was the third penis she had ever seen, same size as her dad’s and bigger than her brother’s, so at least she didn’t say it was the smallest one she’d ever seen, and she awkwardly thanked me because she thought I was good looking. 
So embarrassing, but honestly her reaction didn’t make me feel ashamed, kinda actually boosted my self esteem."
What is the most overwrapped / overpackaged product you can buy at Wal-Mart?|Potato chips. Why make the bag that big if you’re going to fill it 70% with air?!
Why should you post an obituary to the newpaper vs the funeral home free post / social media?|The obituary that you write yourself will include much more information than the standard one the funeral home provides. And not everyone is on social media, especially older people.
What tv show did you watch as a kid that you wish made a huge comeback?|The one where Ariana Grande and Victoria Justice prance around in tight clothes
Reddit Bidet users; is it worth it and what are the advantages?|Yes, 100%. Advantages: Having a clean ass.
Fellow curling children of reddit, how do you overcome your possible lack of discipline?|I’m just a kid
What seemingly subtle thing annoys you greatly?|Really subtle buzzing from lights in classrooms and gymnasiums.  I swear to god that shit is so annoying I’d rather learn in the dark.
If you could use only one uncommon greeting for the rest of your life when answering the phone or door, what would it be?|A HOY-HOY?
Why did you choose the phone that you use?|I'm on the OnePlus 3T It was a non-carrier phone (I hate carrier phones, they tend to come loaded with crapware), non-Apple (I don't care for iOS, I'm an Android guy) that came in just behind the Pixel in terms of power and at 300 bucks cheaper.
What trend didn't you expect to take off?|Injesting laundry detergent
How often do you order food online?|I use the phone
What great product slogan would be terrible if used for another product?|Tide Pods - Just Do It
You're a burglar but instead of stealing you do things to mildly inconvenient your victims, what do you do?|Move everything over by an inch, repeat it a couple times and then stop for a small period of time. Break in one last time and replace everything back to its original spot.
Anything you say about another person becomes true for you and them. How do you mess with/up other people without messing up yourself?|My best friend is a multi billionaire.
Reddit, how do you beat procrastination?|procrastinate later instead of right now
What's your favourite rhyme?|Live a lot  Trust a few Always paddle your own canoe
What did you forget?|A question on r/explainlikeimfive reminded me that I was doing laundry.
If every state in the US suddenly became their own countries, what would your state's national anthem be?|West Virginia - Take Me Home Country Road
People of Reddit, what was the last straw at your workplace that made you quit?|They said they were getting us donuts they didn't say THEYD ALL BE FILLED WITH DISGUSTING SHIT
Other than you, what other awesome thing happened in your year of birth?|volcano went off in Washington state.  Parents kept the local newspaper from my birthday with the volcano story on the front page.
Depressed people of Reddit, how do you know you're depressed rather than being unhappy?|Unhappiness usually only happens when there is a reason to be unhappy. Depression happens whether or not you have good reason to be depressed.
Reddit, what phrase you never thought you were going to say ?|This porn has really good music.
"What did you do as a kid that you thought was ""badass""?"|I'm guessing at some point or another I attempted to defend communism.
How technically challenging was it for SpaceX to put Elon's Tesla into space and a Mars orbit?|Definitely more technically challenging than putting IKEA furniture together.
What event would you like you like to see added or readded to the Olympics?|Rock, paper, scissors.
What's a dead series that you think should come back?|Jericho.
What final area music is the best?|Ganondorf playing the organ as you ascend the stairs is always badass.
What is the most valuable skill someone can have?|Learning how to communicate effectively through both verbal and written methods. Learn how to present your ideas or concepts in a professional setting without a shit ton of useless filler like sidetracking or unrelated points.  People have a limited attention span and don't live inside your head to follow your internal thought process. The more streamlined and effective your communication is about something, the quicker you can get to back and forth discourse of an idea that's less complicated.
What is something you do, that you aren't sure other people do as well?|I clean the drain pump filter thing on my washing machine every 6 months and from what I’ve gathered, it seems like most people doesn’t even know that all washing machines have one and that it needs to be cleaned out. Also I replace my air filter every 90 days and idk if other people do that.
What are the warning signs that a movie is going to suck before it comes out?|Screenings are not held for film critics
If a shoe and sock could speak, what would they say to each other?|"""Lucky us"""
"What previous staple of the internet that ""will never go away"" are you old enough to have seen go away?"|hotmail is no longer hotmail.
If you were made the CEO of Reddit for a day what would you do ?|Give myself all the internet karma
What are some fun thing to do after you get the address of the person that cut you off by following them home?|Break in, move everything over by an inch. Repeat for a couple days then break in one last time and put everything back to its original spot.
"People of Reddit who don't ""fit in"" with the current of your race's culture, what's your most interesting story involving this disconnect?"|Well, my race doesn't have a single - unifying culture.
How would you explain the technology of today to your 10 year old self?|Futuristic
What are some of the best movies to watch when you're alone and drunk?|The complete Das Boot miniseries.
Redditors who still possess a tape collection, what are some of your VHS titles?|Mostly vintage porno.
What's the weirdest porno you've ever seen?|This girl dressed up as a porcelain doll getting fucked by some old dude. Weirdest nut I've ever busted.
How much can you actually fix in post production?|Everything
Long term couples of reddit, what do you think caused your dead beadroom? Is it redeemable?|My wife and I used to spend so much time there. Mornings, afternoons, evenings - we lost entire weekends. Friends or family stopped calling us because we’d never respond. We’d try new things, experiment. You know, young couple stuff. Recommendations from coworkers or forums...there’s nothing we wouldn’t do.  Now, idk...something changed. I ask her if she wants to join me, but she’d rather read. Or she says she has a headache. Or maybe tomorrow. When we do, it’s pretty boring vanilla stuff. There’s no more creativity anymore. I hate it. Idk what happened. I cook for her, I clean the house, I rub her feet, but when it comes time to bead, she’s just not interested.
Why did Obama think Wall Street people who created the financial crisis should be in charge of regulating the economy?|Mutual self-interest.
What's a strange thing you do when no one is looking?|Smell my hand
What was your favorite cheat code to use in a game?|A lot of the GTA cheat codes. The ones I use the most in GTA 5 are the fast run, super jump, helicopter, and invincibility.
People who Married or Dated their Ex's Sibling how did it turn out?|It went well. It was actually my ex who hooked us up. We had a great relationship together and hung out with my ex all the time.
What in the world is going on with Quincy Jones?|"*""Currently in the midst of an extended victory lap ahead of his turning 85 in March — a Netflix documentary and a CBS special hosted by Oprah Winfrey are on the horizon""* Nothing generates publicity like controversy."
What's the most recent picture in your camera roll?|homework i sent to someone
What are some noteworthy events that the media captured all wrong?|2016 election
What’s been the biggest plot twist in your life so far?|SO and I broke up, I was hooking up with a solid 10/10 and my SO said we should get back together. I dropped the 10/10 like a bad habit.
Redditors from outside the US, what is some interesting food from a different country than your own?|"Live in France but I’m polish 
Indian food is really good 
Like butter chicken and Naan bread"
What looks arrogant or dick-ish if your proud of it?|you're* Correcting peoples grammar.
Low income people, what's your biggest dream and are you confident that you're going to achieve it?|I will buy myself a 2-in-1 laptop this year.  80% confident, money already in the checking account...just not sure if I can let go of the money.
Baby Boomers of Reddit; what’s one trend you wish would’ve remained the same since you were young?|My fellow Boomer's not selling out their ideals when things got tough for them. A lot of wusses.
if you could perform in any winter olympic sport what would it be?|Ski jumping thing I would feel like a bird
What's the funniest short joke you know that is NOT a pun?|What does a magical dog say? Labracadabrador!
What is the dumbest reason that you have been stopped by a police officer?|Because I’m black
Truck drivers (and other professions for whom automation is a looming threat), are you nervous? What steps are you taking in preparation?|I know all the articles say next year all trucks will drive themselves, but we are actually a far far way away from that. Even if the perfect self driving truck came out tomorrow (spoiler, it isn't) it would still take decades before all the trucking companies replace their current trucks with the new self driving ones.
"What's your ""I got passed up for a promotion at work"" story?"|I did not get an interview for a job because my resume didn't have the correct date. I updated an old copy and forgot to change the submittal date. It was for a promotion within my department. That was the reason the supervisor gave me. WTF?!?!
Describe a time when you felt a new emotion you had never felt before?|The time I managed to spend time with my step sister. At first i knew it existed and never had an opinion about it but now i really care deeply about her.
What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of?|When you buy a house your real estate agent will recommend the least competent home inspector in the area. The agent is mostly just interested in making the sale and good home inspectors come up with a long list of potential problems with your new home. It is in the agent's best interest to find a home inspector who will overlook any questionable home problem that might disrupt the sale. A good home inspector will tell you in advance all of the things he is going to look for. It should be a long list and it should focus on the things that are expensive to fix and hard to see.
If subreddits has theme songs, what would be some of the best ones?|I got rid of my offline music files, no trip music for me
What Is Your Ideal Car/Song Combo To Shoot Into Deep Space?|Space Truckin'
What is your favorite Spotify Playlist?|"My personal ""favourites"" list"
Who is the most financially irresponsible persone you have met?|Myself
What to do when looking for a summer job, but have an injured back, university drop-out, no relevant work experience in past 5 years, and over thirty?|Stop looking for a summer job and start looking for a career, Van Wilder.
People who have encountered racists, what was the most surprising thing about them?|They are complicated people with their own hopes, dreams, and concerns.
What if I was an alien all this time and just pretended to be human?|I would understand. It was necessary of you. We're still friends, right?
If you knew you were going to prison how would you escape if you had time to plan and set it up beforehand?|First, I'd make friends with Red because he can get you anything. I'd have him get me materials I can use to carve my own chess set. I'd also need a poster of Rita Hayworth...
What would be a funny situation to wear a clown mask during?|Funeral
How does someone obtain confidence?|How... how would.. I mean I'm not sure...
Do the people of reddit believe in the existence of Satan? Why?|No. Because it's a made-up story, like God/Gods are.
What are some of the worst things your teachers have said?|"""... everyone get into groups."""
People who have used Craigslist or similar sites to sell stuff: What's the worst/most annoying response you've had to deal with?|I'll take 80 for my Kindle.
Redditors who attended Woodstock 99, what was the wildest thing you witnessed?|That you had to pay for stuff. The original Woodstock was free.
How would you feel if someone proposed to you in public?|Great. I think. Depends who it is.
What are going to be great TILs in 10 years?|TIL people used weird sites like Reddit to entertain themselves
People who have had a near death experience, what was it like and what did you feel/see?|It's not really something I can accurately explain, but basically everything that's ever happened and everything that will ever happen made complete sense.   Also it was like everything happens all at once, instead of a linear timeline
If you could press a button and be instantly made a master of a single skill, what skill would you choose?|Master forger
What would your job description say if it was accurate?|Herding cats.
Musical conductors of reddit, how is you job more than just waving a stick?|It's not my job anymore, but I conducted at one point in life. It's far more than that. It's governing and maintaining the tempo--a sort of living metronome. It's also providing cues for bringing in instruments and controlling their volume. It also serves as a visual cheerleader of sorts for the musicians. A conductor's passion can be as contagious as laughter. That passion reflects in performance, in my opinion.
What’s your sexy-time playlist?|Darude - Sandstorm
What’s something funny to yell when you walk in a classroom that a teacher wouldn’t reall be mad at you for saying?|YOU GON' LEARN TODAY
Is it worth looking forward to watching the Venom movie even though it's part of Sony's Marvel Universe and not the MCU? Why or Why not?|Yes. Tom hardys always good and i believe it will be r rated.
Redditors who were lost (passion wise) after graduating from college, what did you do to find your passion?|Find what you're good at and pursue it.  Success comes when you do something well and enjoy it.
What is the most wholesome thing that your dog ever did?|"Co sign a business loan to help me get my restaurant off the ground.
Turns out it wasn't a very reputable bank, what with the dog being able to even do that."
What do you think is theoretical proof of reincarnation?|"A reasonably large sample size of multiple people who can objectivly demonstrate knowledge of dead ""past lives"" after peer reviewed testing"
What's the most disgusting sandwich you've seen someone order at Subway?|I worked at Subway for a while and had a guy come in about once every week or two and he always ordered the same thing. Foot long white with mayo salt and pepper. Nice and easy. He'd take it to a table sit down and eat it. I always thought it was odd but hell, to each their own I suppose.
Redditors who didn’t do so well in high school, how are you now?|Retired and happy after 40 years as a professional musician.
What's the worst case of terrible parenting you have ever witnessed?|With the possible exception of cases that ended up being fatal; the worst parenting I have seen is consistently the cases where people who should not be parents fight to keep custody of their children.
Why do schools not allow to wear hats indoors?|It's unprofessional.
When you ride an Uber or Lyft by yourself, are you supposed to sit in front or back?|Sit in front if you’re chatty, at the back if you wanna be left alone.
Former high schoolers of Reddit, what was your senior prank?|Liquid ass.
What happens to the consciousness when we die?|It stops. I hope.
"Which celebrities are in the ""dead pool"" for 2018?"|Ozzy has got to be going soon right?  He is basically fueled by the fact that Cerberus doesn't want to get THAT high.
How do you change your profile pic on Reddit ?|Go to your profile, click the Settings drop-down menu beneath your profile summary on the right, select 'Customize Profile'. EDIT: Also, for you specifically, you need to opt-in to the new profile layout.
What was your singe most badass moment to date?|Being born .
What are your thoughts on both David Lynch and his work?|He's the gum I like.
People who have been blackmailed, what's your story?|I'll go first. When I was 17, I met a guy on omegle because I was desperate to try BDSM. After a week, I broke up with him. He then set up their weird ass thing where he made it seem like someone else was stalking me, and the would protect me if I dated him again. For two weeks, I hid it frm my parents while he made me send him pictures, videos, and carve his name into my belly. It was horrifying. In the end, he did post my pictures to my facebook and I got grounded for months. My parents were NOT happy with me.
What's something you casually do today that would have blown your kind 10 years ago?|I talk to a whole bunch of girls on the daily. 10 years ago, I didn't talk to anyone at all
What are some of the best sites to visit when you're alone and drunk?|4chan
What do you think about reddit?|Interesting
What is the worst part of the day for you or the best part of day?|Best - Waking up, making coffee and drinking said coffee.  Worst - Running out of coffee
Fellow Bluegrass fans, what are your top 3 favorite bluegrass songs?|"Touch of grey 
Mama I don’t believe"
If you could go back to a certain point in your life, when would that be and why?|When me and my ex were sitting in a park, we talked for about 5 hours. That was probably one of my happiest moments.
Why are 'White Males in their 30s' the go to villains for Groups complaining about being oppressed?|Because it's an easy target that can't/won't fight back. Its the same reason you can shit on Christianity, but if you so much as draw a picture of Muhammad, you get attempts to blow up your news paper.
How can you get into Mogadishu?|Flight.
Who was once incredibly famous but you haven't heard anyone say their name in years?|Arsenio Hall
Hawaiians of Reddit, how expensive is stuff over there?|My uncle told me he has to pay 6$ for a gallon of milk.
If your employee hasn't shown up or called in four days, does that mean they've quit?|Why aren't they already fired?
How can a camera from all the way at Mars or space send footage to us at earth?|Radio waves can be sent over huge distances. We just now lost contact with the Voyager Probe not too long ago left the solar system and we were still able to be in contact with it.
What is the most embarrassing thing you've done to try to impress a crush?|Ate dirt.  I was 19.  I have no explanation.
Veterans of Reddit, how does it feel knowing you were apart of the 1% that joined the military?|I did 5 years in the Army as a 35N and loved every minute of it!
What immoral but fun thing are you doing right now?|I’m throughly enjoying this shirt made from multiple types of fabric.  I know that Leviticus tells me not to, but I just can’t help myself.
What is a simple way to sabotage something expensive?|You can always tie the safety pin of a grenade to the car door and tie the grenade to under the car
Post rave goers/sesh heads, when did you slow down and why?|Got into different music tbh. The dance scene is all about drugs to me.
When did you screw everything up, but no one ever found out it was you?|Congratulations, you got away with it. Nice
What is the worst part of the day for you or the best part of day?|Best part is the first sip from my coffee. Worst is the last sip
After the human race dies off what species will rule the world?|Squirrels
Parents of Reddit, what are your nightmare stories about bad Teachers or School Administrators?|"Not a nightmare by any stretch, but it's bloody annoying. My son's social studies teacher mispronounces things all over the place. When they were studying Egypt, she pronounced Akhenaten ""uh-KEN-uh-TON."" Now they're studying China, and she refers to Laozi/Lao Tzu as ""Lousy."""
People talk a lot about movie scenes, but what are some legitimatly good videogame cutscenes?|The beginning of The Last Of Us.... Never has a video game made me feel how that has.
As someone who reads a lot of news, what’s a reasonable amount to give outlets when donation time comes around?|Think about it in terms of how you value time and how much you give for other services.
What is something that you got away with as a kid that your parents still to this day don’t know about?|threw two big parties at my house back to back weekends and never told them. sophomore year too.
Redditors, what’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?|BillWitheScienceFi was a good one. And there’s someone using “CIA Safehouse” in my neighborhood
What opinion do you think only 50% of Reddit agrees with?|You shouldn’t let you kids get circumcised without a medical indication.
How bad is today's dating world for people with low income?|Women don't want no scrub. Imagine stepping to a chick with 25 cents in your pocket, no job, nothing but debt. Good luck with that.
What place had much higher or lower quality toilet paper than you expected?|Philosophy department at my college had the best toilet paper. I would take rools here and there.
How did you get over your first love?|I didn't, not really anyway.
If you lived a subtly charmed life, what would some of those subtle charms be?|The bananas and avocados you are about to eat are always at peak ripeness.
Wheel of Fortune wants to buy a vowel from you, but you won't ever be able to use words containing that vowel again. Without using the vowel, which vowel would you choose, and why?|Fine. I'll just vse half of W.
If you can make a movie that doesn't exist yet, what would it be?|A real life version of A Serbian Film
Blind people of Reddit - what is your favorite game?|hide and seek i guess Disclaimer: I am not blind
What is your bad haircut story?|I was like 12-13 at the time. My guy was booked for some odd reason (nobody books... ever) I used the other guy, well cause, nobody wanted him and I felt bad, plus i’m not waiting around a few hours for a haircut.  This guy gave me a slanted hairline and “emo” bangs to go with it.  I proceeded to shave my head.
What's that one interaction you had with a stranger that's stuck with you to this day?|"Was walking through the streets of Atlanta and this dude came up to me said ""it's always 420 bro, I got Verizon Wireless"" and walked off 
to this day I have no idea what that means"
Those of you who pretended to be the opposite sex in chat rooms in the 1990s. Why? How did it work out for you?|Way back in the very early days of MMORPGs, I noticed that there were always male (presumably) players that flirted with female (presumably not really) players by giving them free stuff in game. As an experiment I made a female toon, with a somewhat suggestive name. I went to a newbie area and claimed to be confused. The reaction is what you might expect, but it actually scared me how fast it happened. Within SECONDS there were several toons offering me gear, food and money. Within minutes there were dozens of (presumably young male) players swarming my toon for attention. I logged off quickly and only ever did it again to prove to my friend that I wasn't exaggerating.
What do you need to vent about?|Theresa May can fuck herself
What is your opinion on colonising Mars?|If they were looking for volunteers I'd be the first one to sign up.
Girls of reddit,What is your favourite colour to paint your nails?|Red. My nails are always red.
What's the most shocking thing you've seen a notoriously nice/innocent person do?|"Didn't see it happen, but knew a very ""nice"" shy guy who ended up raping multiple women and being a pedophile."
What has an extremely good chance of happening, but has never actually happened yet?|World War III
What should we use as a guide to determine the 'right' way to live?|"Considering nothing is objective, the only logical way to assess what is ""right"", is what the majority opinion is."
What is the angriest you have ever been?|Probably last week, I got angry at myself for not talking or saying hi to a girl I liked and I was furious at myself at how I let an opportunity go to waste   I did talk and have a conversation with her yesterday and afterwords I felt as if I was on top of the world
Why did your partner leave you?|She was afraid that could hurt me because she still have feelings for her ex.
Sugar people of Reddit, how did you get into that profession?|I'm not one personally but my ex is. He needed a source of income during college but didn't want to get a normal job. Doing this he makes a vast sum of money quickly and easily.
Which group of men would you say is the most fetishized?|Serial killers
If god exists, what do you think he thinks of Kanye West?|Kanye thinks very highly of himself.
What is something that most people don't realize they are doing wrong?|Using antibacterial handsoap can actually contribute to bacterial immunity. Regular soap does the job just fine.
When did you realize you were already past the point of no return?|When I checked myself into a mental facility to get away from physical and mental abuse by my brother. Everything in my entire family's life changed that day
What famous subreddit is actually garbage?|Coming from someone who is very middle of the road, r/politics is glorified liberal word vomit
What are some generic products that are better than the name brand product?|Generic TUMS are less chalky
What is the purpose of your visit to the US?|returning from debauchery in Mexico.
What’s your favorite Spongebob episode?|Band geeks, pizza delivery & graveyard shift 😂
Which brand do you prefer for clothes shopping?|For dress shirts, I really like Costco's brand Kirkland. They have great shirts.
What is your high school arch-nemesis doing now?|Never had one.
What is your irrational fear?|holes
People who lived with parents whilst at University, do you regret not getting the full uni experience?|Not at all. Saved me a ton of money. When events were going on I just stayed the night at a friends dorm.
Are you a slave in this world? How?|Yes, only now the shackles are debt and a desire to keep eating dinner
What Are Some Of The Worst Romances or Love Interests In Gaming?|Dragon Age tried to throw in their Bioware sex scene, but all the romances just felt 2D and easy. I feel like they got it right with MassEffect, a lot more emotional investment when you know you may never see them again
What's your biggest health issue right now?|Crippling anxiety
What’s your favourite “Game of Thrones” quote?|How would you like to die half man? ‘In my bed at the age of eighty with a belly full of wine and a girls mouth around my cock’.
What is something in your life that you could use advice on, but have no one to ask?|I’m unsure how to hire a hit man.
What’s the worst example of a trailer giving away the entire story?|Batman v Superman
What’s your biggest kitchen fail?|sliced the top of my index finger off because I was using a dull knife, was pressing harder than I needed to, and I slipped.
What advice can you give to someone who is going to live on their own for the first time?|If you are renting, take pictures the day you move in, and the day you move out. It
What is a school loophole we should all be abusing right not?|Your grades don't actually matter much. Not really even in college. Take the time to do well on standardized tests; that's what will matter more. Take the time to get to know educators and administrators; that's what will open doors for you. Much better to have mediocre grades and be well-connected than to have straight As and be socially inept.
How can you become a horrible person?|Just do the opposite thing that everyone tells you.
Irish people of Reddit, how do most Irish people feel about the British nowadays?|"My mum's Irish and my dad's English, they met during the 80's in London.  
My mum was constantly being accused of being a ""sleeper agent"" for the IRA and eventually they moved to Ireland to escape the constant racism she was experiencing.   &nbsp;   After I was born and the Good Friday Agreement was signed, we moved back to the UK and since the threat of car bombs and assassinations had decreased significantly, we lived peacefully there (and still do)   &nbsp;   The bottom line is that Ireland and England are very similar countries with many years of shared history and it would be ridiculous to still be at each other's throats in the current geopolitical climate.  
Hell, if the UK and France can be allies after over 1,000 years of constant war, the Irish and English can also do it."
What is something you’d do for your boss that you wouldn’t do for your spouse?|Kissing with tongue
Bosses of Reddit, what do your employees think you don't notice, but you really do?|When you quickly close/minimize the tab or window with Reddit, Amazon, Tabloid site, game, or whatever your looking at instead of working.
What is a good valentines day meal for one?|Revenge. Best served cold.
What movie/tv-show character would be in jail if they existed in real life?|Quagmire
What are the 'side missions' of your life?|To own a motor boat of some sort.
"What is the most severe case of being a ""weeaboo"" you have ever witnessed?"|Dark Souls PvP
What have you experienced that can’t be proved without photographic evidence?|I saw a ghost ship.
People with strict parents, how did you manage to convince them to allow you do something they would say no to?|Dude you're 32 years old! This shouldn't be happening, this is definitely not normal. I don't know what you can do. You can't call the cops, you too old for cps. You already tried running away. Man it just sucks to be you I guess. 😕
What are you nostalgic of that would be better/worse today than back then?|Stonewashed jeans with the holes in the knees and multi colored laces combo. Worse, unless you're really hot and ironic.
People of Reddit who don't flush after using public toilets, why are you the way you are?|I want other people to see my masterpiece
Where in your opinion is the best place to live?|Always here cool stuff about Canada, either that or Oz.
What do you do after a stressful and shitty day to make it better?|Hit the Xbox, and burn off the aggression.
What extremely mild superpower (i.e., never dropping anything) would you like to have for life?|Knowing where all my possessions are at any time.
Are police in your country generally nice or are they mostly jerks and why?|Nice to me, but I’m a middle class white male
What tips or tricks have you learned from your job and/or jobs you've had?|How to successfully lie to receptionists to get direct contact information to my prospective clients.
What's your celebrity sighting story?|I saw myself in the mirror the other day. I said “why hello there handsome” as I usually do or whatever.
What does it mean when someone is nice to you after they were mean to you?|Maybe they felt bad being mean to you and are trying to make up for it? Without context, it's kinda hard to guess their motivation.
What’s your favorite thing you have in your ‘Saved’ section on Reddit?|Sleep Advice
if you were a figure skater, what song would you skate to in the olympics?|Yakity Sax
Why would a micro SD card have no space after deleting files from it on a computer?|It might have gotten corrupt.
What's your go-to routine to mess with phone call scammers?|Just decline the call, it's a waste of time to do anything else.
In about eleven years time we might be able to see Elon musks Tesla through a telescope as it passes by earth. How cool is that?|It’d be a lot cooler if Matthew McConaughey was sitting behind the wheel
Children at heart, how do you maintain your worldview in the face of the harsh realities of adulthood?|Just try to enjoy all the little things everyday.
Married people of reddit, what was your wedding first dance song?|Top Loader - Dancing in the Moonlight. Both me and my wife love this song, little odd I guess for a song choice but we were swinging around on our first dance!
What are some of your best strategies to stay focused?|I create a goal for myself - I write it down and put it somewhere I look fairly often.
Dear Redditors, what was your worst college experience?|Telling off a professor showing evidence I was correct, Got told off and given a F. Appealed to Dean who also told me off until I sued for damages to my reputation and won. overall I only got 100 dollars out of this after fees and I missed a semester of classes while the case was in process.
What kind of political dissent, contention or rebellion is occurring in your area that people from other parts of the world may not know of?|Most Americans that have some actual sense are quite upset right now.
What's a disgusting habit your SO has that's outside of their character?|Okay this isn’t that disgusting, but weird. She often takes sips of her drink by putting her finger over the top of the straw, trapping the liquid, and then taking her straw out to drink it.  She’s almost 30.
What would the world be like if women no longer existed?|messy
What are some good Motown songs?|From Marvin Gaye to Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson to The Supremes.
What band(s) do you miss listening to on repeat from the 2000s?|Silverchair
How do you get out of bed when you're unhappy?|Mopily.   But I get out.
What do you think about Canadian Bill C-16?|Whatever jordan peterson says about it, I agree with.
What small things make you happy?|Leaving work on Friday afternoon with the whole weekend in front of me to do as I please.
Which famous person would you like to meet and why?|Mark Hamill. I just think he seems like just the nicest guy in the world and so much fun to have a conversation with. Could listen to the man talk for hours.
What does a perfect day look like to you?|Crack
You have a debate coming up and your healthy relationship can be used as a point against you. What do you do?|Why is this so specific
What was your experience being on a jury?|Only gotten on one so far, but it ended up being first degree homicide.  ....I was honestly surprised how much like Law & Order it ended up being, but maybe the prosecutor just really looked up to McCoy as an inspiration. Obviously will never know but I'd like to believe it.
You need to come up with five thousand dollars in twenty four hours - or else. What's your plan?|Write a check
Hey Reddit, what kind of first world problems are you having today?|My internet is slower than usual.
What games have you played in a completely different way than intended?|I'm sure this is try for most people, but playing the sims and making death traps.
What peer preasure did you avoid and was it worth it?|Avoiding, marriage and parenthood. Yes it was.
Which subject at school has been the least beneficial to you as an adult?|Without a doubt geography. Interesting at times but its never improved my life.
Reddit, what's the angriest you've seen someone get over the Internet?|I was gonna get on a bus to Memphis from Atlanta and fight this guy who said something I didn’t like to me on Twitter. I DM’d him for his address but he wouldn’t send it. I really was gonna do it. I was in a dark place.
Jobs now pay better based on the inability to access your smartphone while working. What are the highest paying jobs you should take?|Does it count that my mom isn't allowed her phone at work? She works in the fun department at an assisted living facility.
Considering installing in home cameras but concerned about catching video of things that shouldn't be seen. What are some caught on camera horror stories you wish didn't exist?|What things are you afraid of catching on camera?
What new skills are you trying to learn or master?|I want to learn Japanese and how to code in c++
What is the largest value of money you have physically touched?|i’m a college student, so 12$
What is something you've done that most people haven't?|Your mom.
People of Reddit - what made you smile today?|I felt like it even though today has been shitty. :)
What is your #1 most absolutely despised food?|Cilantro/Corriander
Redditors, how do you eat your Chinese food?|With chopsticks.
People who who feel the need to talk about their medical issues all the time, why do you think other people want to hear it?|Maybe you should learn some empathy, it often makes others feel better to share their problems and they might get good advice on how to alleviate their pain from others. Social support can often help others through their struggles and remind them that life is going to be okay.  Don't take your good health for granted
What seemingly innocuous objects do you encounter in your everyday life that could kill/seriously harm you?|Tide pods, apparently.
You were getting rough in bed, tried a little trick, and ended up killing her. Now what?|The trick isn't over. Ever see the Prestige?
LTR-ers, how did you meet your SO and who made the first move?|LTR?
which movie you suggest to watch on this weekend?|If you haven’t seen it, check out oldboy!
What are you feeling salty about today?|"My parcel hasn't arrived yet and i still have outside things to do.
Its half 6 now
Wasted a whole damn day"
What bad game did you love playing as a kid?|Hot Wheels Velocity X
Who would win in a fight between Dave Ramsay and Robert Irvine?|...do you mean Gordon or do you actually mean business man dave?
What's your personal pro-tip for car shopping?|I'm looking on Craigslist because I've heard all the clichés about used car shops. Where do you go?
What should you do if you know you're going to be fired soon?|Just quit, then find a new job as soon as possible
With Christmas being in the summer on half the planet, why are all the Christmas songs about winter?|Because most of them are by Americans.
Why do some people lift their little finger when they’re drinking from a container?|Because they're fancy.
What did you say or do that got you accused of being racist? Let reddit decide?|That based on my experience, the most difficult challenge for inner city school children to overcome is their parents.
Would it be possible to find the information from a Facebook that was deleted (not deactivated) years ago- and if so, how would one go about doing this?|Why?
What are some harmless social experiments you can try out on your new roommates?|Say no pun intended when there was no sign of a pun Or one I like to do is say no no homo after everything, ‘hey bro can you pass me the remote no homo?’
For those of you that have lost parents due to depression and/or addiction issues, how did you get through it?|I lost my dad to alcohol when I was 18. Became an alcoholic
What's the shittiest shadiest thing you've seen a stranger do?|becoming president by telling people he is going to kick tons of immigrants out
If you could go back to any period of time, for just an hour, where/when would you go and why?|Mitre Square in London, midnight, September 30, 1888. With an HD night vision camera.
You're offered $10 for eating a free meal of something that you don't want. What do you do?|Confusing question but... Probably not eat it? I don't even know what it is. Your question is... generic.
People who switched careers mid-life, why did you make a change and was it worth it?|Didn’t make a crazy switch but I went from being a buyer to getting into sales. Went from one aisle to the other. It’s been a good move. It’s opened up opportunities for me. Don’t do something you don’t at least enjoy a little. Those type of situations are far too taxing on the mind. We work too much to be miserable.
What's the most elaborate way you've cheated on an exam?|"Saw this earlier. Not mine, but the two top comments were: * Writing lightly on the desk in pencil
* Google Chrome's auto-translate on a foreign language test"
What state do you live in and what makes it great to live there?|Texas, nothing. Fuck this state.
You just punched a whale. Why?|That son of a bitch knows why.
What show makes you lose track of time?|Mindhunter.
You are given a chance to get any single real item in existence, but it would be missing a crucial feature. What would it be?|A woman?
Dads of Reddit, what do you have against wearing shirts?|"Is ""not wearing a shirt"" a stereotype for dads?"
What is your least favorite number?|Odd and prime numbers usually. But I dislike any number ending with 3.
What’s your religious horror story?|"I went to a southern baptist church for 3 years while I was dating this girl because she told me ""I don't want to spend the rest of my life with you, and not spend eternity with you""...."
You're given a check for $75 to restart your life after being wrongfully imprisoned for 31 years. How do you spend it?|On a gun.
Reddit, Have you ever had a paranormal experience you still can't explain and if so what happened?|One time I got a boner while watching Lou holtz in a post game interview, not gay so had to be a ghost
What is the saddest thing you've done in your life ?|Ate an 18 inch pizza in the span of two days by myself.
If you could listen only to one song all your life, what would it be?|"""Hey ya""-Outkast"
Military redditors who've deployed overseas: What was the biggest culture shock in another country you experienced?|There is not one Taco Bell in the boundaries of the United Kingdom. I cried when I was stationed there.
People of reddit who leave their window blinds horribly askew, why do you do this?|The couple living next door are both severely OCD... and I don't like them.
If you were sent back to 100 A.D. with an iPhone with full access to the modern internet as well as a way of keeping it charged, how would you conquer the world and what would you do after?|Invent gun powder, take over the world and then  i would make copy of every Wikipedia page and send it across the world and people would make me a god
If an identical twin is caught on camera commiting a murder, but the police can't determine which sibling did it, how do they charge one of them?|They investigate. Odds are the other twin will have an alibi. Plus in this day and age they can just track everything someone was doing by their phones, so wouldn't take much.
How would you recast the original Rocky?|I wouldn't. Stallone killed it as Rocky, Weathers did a great job as Creed and Burgess did a fantastic Mickey.
"What non-sexual thing did you see someone doing and though ""That is marriage material""?"|Knew what type of tea i needed just by the look on my face when i walked in. And which biscuits. And which mug.
Who is your favourite mainstream singer/musician?|Dave Matthews
What 1st World issue needs more attention?|Rising prices and stagnant wages.
People born 1997-99, what's it like to be the last people born in the 1900's?|Makes me feel ancient af despite still being a teenager.
How many full-sized Kangaroos could kill a single full-sized Polar Bear?|I'm gonna say about 6. I would say 3, but it's going to take a long of work to puncture the polar bears thick skin, even with all the roos kicking and slashing hard as they can. The bear will probably take out at least 2 of the roos before they can do serious damage to him.
What are some problems only guys have that girls will never understand ?|The need to part one's legs when sitting down so they don't crush their fucking balls.
What was the stupidest thing that your teacher did that got them fired?|He whispered something vulgar into a student's ear.
What stops you from downloading something to your computer or phone?|Bloatware
What's the dumbest thing you've been pulled over for?|Driving a shitty car in a richy-rich neighborhood.
"After people start upgrading their bodies and minds with computerized hardware do you think ""normal"" discrimination will mostly end as technophobia runs rampant? Why or why not?"|Haha, no. People don't ever seem to get overloaded with things to be prejudiced about. They just add a new discrimination to the list and keep going.
Which are the most important patents which were sold for little to nothing, and change history?|the patent for seatbelts
Ok multitaskers...what two things do you do together that might seem unusual?|Brush my teeth while.... showering, pissing, dressing, whatever.  Just standing there brushing my teeth for 2 minutes seems like such a waste of time.  And it's boring.
Other than anything sexual, what's the best feeling in the world?|taking off your shoes and socks after a long day
What is a lie that you tell people (or yourself) every day?|This is the last piece of crack
If you could change any one rule in any one religion, which would you change?|I work in a hotel. We frequently get Jewish Orthodox guests, and apparently part of their religion is they have to wipe with tissue on the sabbath instead of toilet paper (something about tearing toilet paper is too much work). It clogs our plumbing every time. So whatever rule that is I would change.
Why is the Verizon guy suing Google?|Verizon guy?
Bored workers of Reddit, how do you pass the time?|Reddit
Out if all the restaurants gordon ramsay has visited in the USA and UK in kitchen nightmares. Have any or you been to one and what did you think?|they did one in the town where my parents live. restaurant was obviously just looking for the free makeover, they were (and are) making money hand over fist thanks to an unbeatable location. food was OK but bland before the show, and hasn't really changed since.
People who lived with their parents during college, do you regret not getting the full student experience?|It was worth not needing loans
Which movie is entertaining and educational?|Though not a movie: Planet Earth
What food did you hate as a kid but love as an adult?|Vegetables
How do gas pumps know when to stop the flow of gas into your car when the tank is full?|There's a sensor located in the gas nozzle itself, and recognizes being submerged I believe.
What random thing became one of your kid's favorite toy?|Our family gem is a rubber bulb from a turkey baster. It was first beloved by our first kiddo then #2 is now in love with it. Love to chew on it, throw it and sleep with it.
What are some telltale signs that your girlfriend is actually a cat?|she poops in a box.
What is the most backed up and realistic conspiracy theory you have heard of?|MK Ultra has just enough evidence to be believable, and just enough missing/destroyed files to be horrifying.
If you were a bot, how would you respond to this question?|I'm a bot *bleep bloop* oWo xD *notices bulge*
You break into someone’s house but not to take anything, instead you decide to mildly inconvenience the occupants. What do you do?|Cut every single non power cord in the house.
School staff of Reddit: What are some corrupt things about your school that students don’t know about ?|Not a school staff worker, but most schools are just teachers gossiping for 8 hours a day and complaining about their 3 month vacation between all their other days off.
What would happen if we quarried the rocky mountains and dumped the rock into the trench off the coast?|Nothing special.  That's exactly what erosion and subduction have been doing for millions of years.
Redditors who work for Tesla, SpaceX or Elon Musk in general, what are some bad/not so likeable qualities about Elon Musk?|He once said he has to be in love to be creative...that can't be healthy, especially when you're dating Johnny Depp's crazy ex.
Redditors in the United States, who is or was your favorite person to hold a Public Office and why?|I can't say because another American might get upset and call me mean names.
What is your state known for and how much does it mean to you?|Florida beaches for me that I rarely go to
"People ""in the know"", what are some current prices of things on the black market?"|About 3.50
What is that thing you bought because it seemed good, but turned out to be terrible?|Bamboozle insurance for an upvote. Turns out it was an exit scheme
Kids of Powerful Men: What sets your father apart?|He works for Nintendo
You've been selected to speak directly to Donald Trump for one minute what do you tell him?|I’d pass. He wouldn’t listen to any criticism or facts
What is the craziest thing you have eaten?|my ex
What was it like the first time you got drunk?|The first night I got drunk was also the first time I smoked weed and the first time I made out with a lady.  Fucking trifecta.
What's the craziest thing you've found after moving into a new house/apartment from past owners?|I'll found out in a week
What the Weirdest experience you had At School?|Kid was Masturbating in class and knew everyone was watching. Teacher had to get security to remove him.
What are you being unnecessarily stubborn about?|Not listening to Led Zeppelin. Guy I went to middle school with raved about them, and I he drove me nuts so I just decided I didn't like them. Fifteen years later, still never listened to them, though I may very well enjoy their music.
You can send everyone in the world one text message, what do you send?|BALLISTIC MISSILE THREAT INBOUND TO YOUR STATE. SEEK IMMEDIATE SHELTER. THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
Reddit, what song makes you cry?|Cats in the Cradle
What is your go-to midnight snack?|Just a big ol' spoonful of peanut butter, right out of the jar.
Flight attendants of reddit, what are some secret perks that your passengers don't know they can take advantage of?|Nice try, they’re secrets
What secret passages and shortcuts have you found along the journey of life thus far?|that you have to go 'though' the trials and tribulations of life, not 'around' them. The harder you try to go around those the hard your life will become - those challenges are what defines us and what helps us grow.
Women, what are things that you were surprised to hear that a lot of men struggle with?|That even after finding the clit, not knowing how to properly stimulate it.
Would you live in a completely lawless land? If there was some kind of island where there would be no consequences for anyone, would you go? What would it be like?|Sounds like it would be a bit shit and dangerous. As a wise man once said, rules are for guidance of wise men and for the obedience of fools.
People who work at government agencies: what illegal, unethical, or corrupt things have you seen?|"If they havent told us about aliens yet, its up to us to not ignore the abundance of evidence. Like seriously, Comment I saved: While possibly not aliens, definitely UFOs: ASTRONAUTS ""I believe that these extraterrestrial vehicles and their crews are visiting this planet from other planets which obviously are a little more technically advanced than we are here on Earth."" — Colonel Gordon Cooper, Mercury & Gemini Astronaut ""I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet and the UFO phenomenon is real. It has been covered up by governments for quite some time now."" — Captain Edgar Mitchell, Apollo 14 Astronaut ""...I've been asked [about UFOs] and I've said publicly I thought they [UFOs] were somebody else, some other civilization."" — Astronaut Eugene Cernan, Apollo 17 Commander ""I was testing a P-51 fighter in Minneapolis when I spotted this object. [...] It looked like a saucer, a disk. About the same time, I realized that it was suddenly going away from me - and there I was, running at about 300 miles per hour. I tracked it for a little way, and then all of a sudden the damn thing just took off. It pulled about a 45 degree climbing turn and accelerated and just flat disappeared."" — Captain Donald Slayton, Mercury Astronaut ""Statistically it's a certainty there are hugely advanced civilizations, intelligence, life forms out there. I believe they're so advanced they're even doing interstellar travel. I believe it's possible they even came here."" — Dr. Storey Musgrave, NASA Astronaut ""For nearly 50 years, the secrecy apparatus within the United States Government has kept from the public UFO and alien contact information."" ""We have contact with alien cultures."" — Astronaut Dr. Brian O'Leary ""In my official status, I cannot comment on ET contact. However, personally, I can assure you, we are not alone!"" — Charles J. Camarda (Ph.D.), NASA Astronaut NASA, CIA, ARMY, AIR FORCE ETC ""Unknown objects are operating under intelligent control... It is imperative that we learn where UFOs come from and what their purpose is..."" (1) ""Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe that unknown flying objects are nonsense."" (2) — Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter, first Director of the CIA, 1947-1950 ""We had a job to do, wether right or wrong, to keep the public from getting excited."" (2) — Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Scientific consultant for Air Force Project Blue Book ""Of course UFOs are real, and they are interplanetary. The cumulative evidence for the existence of UFOs is quite overwhelming and I accept the fact of their existence."" — Air Chief Marshall Lord Hugh Dowding, Commanding Officer of the Royal Air Force during WWII ""We must insist upon full access to disks recovered. For instance, in the La case the Army grabbed it and would not let us have it for cursory examination."" — J. Edgar Hoover, first Director of the FBI ""We already have the means to travel among the stars, but these technologies are locked up in black projects and it would take an act of God to ever get them out to benefit humanity... anything you can imagine we already know how to do."" — Ben Rich, former Head of the Lockheed Skunk Works ""This 'flying saucer' situation is not at all imaginary or seeing too much in some natural phenomena. Something is really flying around. The phenomenon is something real and not visionary or fictitious."" — General Nathan Twining, US Air Force, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 1955-1958 ""Unidentified Flying Objects are entering our atmosphere at very high speeds and obviously under intelligent control. We must solve this riddle without delay."" — Rear Admiral Delmar Fahrney, USNR ""The nations of the world will have to unite, for the next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front against attack by people from other planets"". — General Douglas MacArthur ROCKET SCIENTISTS & PHYSICISTS ""It is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that they are space ships from another solar system. There is no doubt in my mind that these objects are interplanetary craft of some sort. I and my colleagues are confident that they do not originate in our solar system."" — Dr. Hermann Oberth, the ""father of modern rocketry"" ""I am completely convinced that UFOs have an out-of-world basis."" — Dr. Walther Riedel, chief designer and research director at the German rocket center in Peenemunde ""The least improbable explanation is that these things are artificial and controlled... My opinion for some time has been that they have an extraterrestrial origin."" — Dr. Maurice Biot, leading aerodynamicists and mathematical physicist ""The possibility of reduced-time interstellar travel either by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations at present or ourselves in the future, is not fundamentally constrained by physical principles."" — Dr. Harold Puthoff, Director, Institute for advanced studies at Austin, Author of fundamentals of Quantum Electronics SOVIET / U.S. PRESIDENTS ""The phenomenon of UFOs is real. I know that there are scientific organisations which study the problem. It must be treated seriously."" — Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev ""I can assure you that flying saucers, given that they exist, are not constructed by any power on earth."" — President Harry S. Truman ""...I strongly recomment that there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomena. I think we owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on this subject."" — President Gerald Ford ""I don't laugh at people any more when they say they've seen UFOs. It was the darndest thing I've ever seen. It was big, it was very bright, it changed colors and it was about the size of the moon. We watched it for ten minutes, but none of us could figure out what it was."" — President Jimmy Carter ""I looked out the window and saw this white light. It was zigzagging around. I went up to the pilot and said, have you ever seen anything like that? He was shocked and he said, ""Nope."" And I said to him: ""Let's follow it!"" We followed it for several minutes. It was a bright white light. We followed it to Bakersfield, and all of a sudden to our utter amazement it went straight up into the heavens. When I got off the plane I told Nancy all about it."" ""I occasionally think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside of this world."" — President Ronald Reagan Anyone is welcome to provide evidence that a quote is legitimately out of context, and I will remove it. All credit goes to /u/Alx__ for compiling these. Sources for these quotes can be found at http://spaceflare.net. Many of them are on video, in context. For example, this one. It is recognized that quotes are not proof. However: There is compelling evidence that UFOs are physical phenomena, not imaginary or hallucinatory. They are captured on radar that only detects physical objects, and perform feats not explainable by known physics. 90-95% of sightings can be explained by known phenomena, but 5-10% cannot. Source: The COMETA Report (published by the French government): Part 1: http://www.ufoevidence.org/newsite/files/COMETA_part1.pdf Part 2: http://www.ufoevidence.org/newsite/files/COMETA_part2.pdf The former Governor of Arizona, also former pilot and Air Force officer, who witnessed the Phoenix Lights firsthand, describes the experience: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2SJXMBHByZY UFOSKEPTIC.ORG, run by professional astrophysicist Bernard Haisch, was recommended by /r/askscience Mod /u/wbeaty, who also created and maintains amasci.com, a fantastic scientific resource in its own right. More: Regarding physical evidence -- there is little to none, other than trace evidence like evidence of exposure to high-powered electromagnetic fields in grass where craft are said to have landed. Radar evidence http://www.nicap.org/whatradar.htm http://www.ufoevidence.org/documents/doc614.htm UFOs defy known physics: http://www.ufoevidence.org/cases/case334.htm (one case of many) FAQ ""The government wouldn't cover it up."" - The US government didn't acknowledge the existence of Area 51 until last year. Evidence of UFOs is compelling to the extent that to deny their existence is tantamount to science denial. Earnest study of available information makes it impossible to come away with the impression that they could be fictitious or hallucinatory. While this comment is just an introduction, it includes sources that can be explored to satisfy any doubts. MUCH MORE here: http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/wtabz/computer_hacker_gary_mckinnon_has_no_choice_but/c5gbmqz"
What “fun fact” isn’t so fun?|A group that accounts for 7% of the population commits 50% of all murders and 75% of all violent crime.
What are your methods to stay focused during an important task?|Pomodoro technique.  Divide working time up into 25 minute work periods, followed by a mandatory 5 minute break to refresh the brain. Works for me to help me avoid procrastination and keep focussed.
What do you love about reddit?|The comments section. Gold.
What is your fetish?|Bunnies. I cannot figure out why, but i get horny when i see bunnies. plz help thx
Martha Stewart sleeps on fresh sheets every day, what would be your ‘little luxury’ if you were rich?|Having someone tailor all my everyday clothes so they fit correctly.
How did your pet last make you smile?|Last night he gave me a very grumpy, dirty look, because he was sitting on his electric blanket and I had forgotten to turn it on.
What is the darkest work of fiction ever made?|I know there are books way darker, but the first thing that comes to mind are the Brothers Grimm fairy tales. I remember loving those as a kid.
What scene, in an otherwise good movie, was just terrible?|Quentin Tarantino's scene in Pulp Fiction.
People who have experienced a violent crime, what was it like?|Got robbed at knifepoint in a park as a kid. It wasn’t fun.
When someone fills up Premium gas at pump and lets say the previous person filled up regular. Does the hose have to pump out the lower ethanol first - meaning one gets less rating for the first second or two?|Search your heart and you will find the answer.
What is your experience with body modifications in the workplace? What type of job do you work? Are they forbidden? Do they need to be hidden? Or are they just implicitly frowned upon?|It really depends on the work place and the area you live. I work in the medical field and for the most part no one gives a flying fuck if you have mods. Plenty of people have tattoos and piercings. They may restrict facial piercings for safety reasons since flailers can rip them out, but its not deemed unprofessional. Occasionally you'll get some patients who have issues with it, but they dont get much of a say.
What travel hacks have saved you a lot of money?|Not necessarily a hack per se, but a Charles Schwab checking account refunds all foreign ATM fees. That way you’re not getting slammed with fees for spending money.
What’s the worst/best backhanded compliment you could give someone?|You look great... For your size.
What’s the most British sounding phrase you’ve ever heard?|Would you care for some tea and crumpets?
Ship Captains of Reddit, what weird/scary/awesome stories do you have?|*Captain's report, February 4th, 2531. Five years, five long years. That's how long it took us to get Harvest back. At first it was going well... Then setback after setback. Loss after loss. Made what was going to be a quick and decisive win... Into five years of Hell.*
What is the most toxic site on the internet?|Twitter.
Millennials of Reddit, what industries have you ruined?|i can say without a doubt i will never buy a diamond.
This has probably been asked before, but what is the scariest/most frightening thing that have ever happened to you?|When the girl I was dating (now my wife) told me she was pregnant.
What is it with frat boys and high-fiving each other constantly?|"They're too white to know how to do a proper dap. 
Dap. Not dab. Dap."
What do you think are the biggest concerns for Earth right now?|For me personally it's the plastic crisis. I was recently watching the BBC news and it's already reached the furthest corners of the earth like Antarctica and is showing in the sea ice when they take a core sample. Then we had images of creatures becoming entangled in plastic and dying, even a polar bear caught up in discarded fishing net. Let alone what can be done about the tonnes of micro plastic/beads currently in the ocean. I think fully bio-degradable plastic or some other alternative should be a priority as we've noticed it too late. Of course we have lots of other fun things like the threat of nuclear attack so what are your biggest concerns for us right now?
Former negative people, how did you change your mindset?|letting go trying to fix things or trying to right the wrongs of the world i guess.
Which style of architecture would you like to see make a big comeback?|Brutalist
What are some examples of movie fights where the punches obviously do not connect?|Famous one in The Godfather, where Sonny beats up his brother in law.  He misses one punch by about a foot, but Carlo reacts like he got hit with a sledgehammer.
What is something that seems to be suggested by everyone, even though it doesn't help?|At least in my experience, excercising when you are feeling down. If I'm in a horrific mood, mustering the strength to put on work out clothes and go to the gym seems impossible.
What’s the best thing you’ve seen in a subreddit?|The comment section
What's your go-to song when you're feeling low?|Low by Flo Rida
has anyone experienced bubble-like pops in their ears when chewing, swallowing or breathing through the nose, & has anyone found a way to make it go away?|Go sit in the shower or put your head under a towel with a steaming bowl of water. The steam softens the mucus in your ears ( I don’t know the medical explanation) and that’ll stop the popping for a few days at least.
What secret are you are keeping from your parents?|that i'm adopted
What should be an Olympic sport but isnt?|The ninja warrior obstacle course.
People that utilize chat on Twitch, how the heck is anything communicated with thousands of people word-vomiting in a single box?|"Depends on the stream, from a hosts perspective - you highlight keywords that aren't your damn twitch name. IE: ""Hey"", ""Hi"", etc. are probably good if you want to be friendly to people who say hi when they come in. Also, some of ""them"" have two chats open - and have bots or other people pasting information to them."
If You KNEW you had untapped super powers, how would you try to activate them?|depends entirely on the superpower, really. different powers would take different methods to activate, I'm sure. plus, you gotta think about powers that actually suck. rogue's powers from x-men? much better left untapped. unchecked telepathy or empathy? nah i dont want or need to know what everyone is thinking or feeling 24/7. immortality/invincibility? I'd rather not.
What’s the strangest subreddit you’ve ever come across?|r/seventhworldproblems
You are now allergic to your favorite food. What can't you no longer eat and how does this affect you?|*You can pry my cheese from my cold, dead hands*
"What are some of the best Reddit posts that were ""lost"" as a result of the voting points algorithm changing causing newer popular posts to drastically overshadow them?"|Probably most of mine or whatever.
Do you have a nemesis and if so, what did they do to you?|Nothing. I just bullied the shit out of him in high school and then when we became adults I tried to put the past in the past because we have mutual friends and ya know we are adults now. However, he tried to make fun of me in front of his gf and then told me he always thought he could kick my ass So I kicked his ass in front of his gf
Ex-wrongful-convicts, what piece of evidence saved you?|my girlfriend's stepdad does ballistics expert witness stuff alongside his practice.  he likes to tell two stories. one story, he got a guy off through explaining bullet trajectory and convincing the jury that the guy who was innocent was far too short to have actually been the shooter. another story he likes to tell is the dad he got off on attempted murder charges. some basement dweller kid wouldn't leave his basement so the dad fires some rounds off down the stairs at the wall. the son cries attempted murder but through some sort of bullet wizardry and something about bullet shards, he was able to get the dad to go free.
What is the true color of poop? I read that the liver secretes something called bilirubin, which is gives poop its distinctive brown color. What would poop look like without this compound?|I think you want r/askscience
What word were you stunned to find is pronounced differently than you always thought?|Fragile
Reddditors born deaf, what's your favourite song?|I Saw the Sign by Ace of Base
What small way do you stick it to the man?|Making them pay shipping cost.
Non American Redditors, what's your current opinion of America and/ or Americans? Has this opinion changed drastically over the years and if so, how?|Reddit just can't go for more than an hour without another let's hate on Americans thread.
If the Earth was attacked by aliens, what would be your strategy to survive?|Start killing humans and hope it confuses the aliens
Whats the worst forklift accident you've seen?|I missed my mouth completely once. Worst accident ive had lifting my fork
"People who work for telemarketing scams (i.e. ""Hi, I'm from Account Services, please give me your credit card info!""), what's it like and how do you feel about what you do?"|I work in an inbound call center for health insurance and those old people who call in to complain about a bill or charge half the time dont believe we are who we say we are. They call us, the bumber on their card, get through our crappy automated system to get a rep, and then think we are trying to steal their info. It's those scammers that make the legit side of that field hard to play.
As technology advances things often get smaller, so what are some things that have gotten bigger?|Dildos
What's something about your job/industry that pisses you off?|"Time needed vs time given. They want to make sure that their food is safe, but all the while, they snap their fingers and nip at your backside to hurry it up, kick it in gear, we got customers waiting, yadda yadda. I always worry about serving something that might make someone sick, and on top of that, the number of customers outnumbers the ability of just one guy every now and then.
Some customers don't help much, in my experience, primarily old people. This chicken is 182 degrees fahrenhiet and it's been sitting on the buffet for two minutes, i'm going to call a healthy inspector. Do you want to fish the chicken out of the fryer with some tongs and swallow it whole before it even stops sizzling? Old fart."
What's a Reddit comment you put a lot of effort in to, but never got more than a few upvotes?|most, if not all of them
What's the most stereotypical name where you're from?|Nigel.
The Office(U.S.), fantastic or overrated? Why?|Over rated. Parks and Rec kicks it's ass.
Why do smart people sometimes behave like they are idiots?|Common sense is a whole separate thing.
What's wrong about square pillows and what's so great about rectangular ones ?|Stacking two square pillows for a headrest compare to two rectangular pillows is not the same.
Whats something very easy but everyone thinks its complicated?|Being a decent human being.  It really isn't that hard. Treat everyone with respect unless they have don't something to lose it. Say hello and smile. Be kind. There is no reason to treat a stranger like shit because you don't feel like being nice.
What’s the weirdest smell you have ever smelled?|hákarl, which is fermented shark (an Icelandic dish). Grossest thing I’ve ever seen anyone eat!!
Have you ever been emotionally abused? How did you break the cycle?|yea, I cut the toxic people out of my life.  It was super hard because it required that I disown my father.  I loved him, but he was a manipulative piece of trash.  My life is way better without him
What’s something from your childhood that doesn’t hold up as an adult?|"""Be nice to people and people will be nice to you"""
What was the best way you've used technology to fuck with somebody?|I bought an extra tv remote and kept changing the chanel when no one was looking.
Those of you who quit smoking, how are you holding up?|18 months so far.  I quit, but my wife hasn't yet, so that's been somewhat of a temptation.  I've had a shit week, and the thought of having a smoke did cross my mind but I managed to steer clear.
What's that one wild and crazy story about your parent that everyone always tells?|That one time they took me to a party and I did a keg stand at 8 months old.
Which reddit user should we sacrifice into the volcano?|I volunteer me
What are your favorite food and beverage pairings? what are the worst?|pizza and soda are pretty hard to beat.
What are you thoughts on gender and race quotas?|stupid, work and reward should be based on output not ethnicity or gender.
What was thought to be a conspiracy theory but was prove real?|Don't mean to blow my own dick here, but I did some research into whether or not the fridge light stays on when you close the door.  Believe it or not, it actually turns off!
When is the last time you actually used a penny to pay for something?|I quite often pay £10.01 for petrol. I keep a decent supply of pennies in my car for this. Probably yesterday.
What to do with this guy who keeps asking me a million (personal) questions before our first date? I thought the whole point of the date was to do that, not over text...?|You can just tell him you want to hold it back for the date so you have more to talk about.
What is it about internet/gaming cafes that makes them so prevalent in the east but not in the west?|Most likely the social aspect of it, and the fact that it might be cheaper to pay $1 USD for ~8 hours of gaming then buying a entire computer.
"Why do Irish people say ""like"" at the end of every other sentence?"|"I think you misspelled ""Californians""."
How are lighthouses built, and what makes them so strong?|chinese bamboo, veeeery strong
How do you help someone when they have lost a parent?|Listen when they are ready to talk.
Slavic (Russian, Ukrainian, Polish, etc.) guys, why are you so sexy, manly and tough?|I noticed that many young men from Slavic countries practice combat sports. So maybe this is what boosts their testosterone ;)
Waiters: What is the most crazy/memorable table you've served, good or bad?|Lady put 20$ under the ketchup bottle like it was going to be a tip left it under there the whole time she ate then when she left she took it with her.
When was a time you called someone out on their bullshit?|Posted this to /r/quityourbullshit  https://imgur.com/a/XfluE His response: https://imgur.com/a/qXNhI
People of reddit who have credit cards with high limits (ex: $50,000) what do you use them for?|Buying bananas of course
Gamers of Reddit, how would you change the way gamers or tech savvy characters are portrayed in movies/tv shows?|"Tech Guy: ""I can't do the thing!""   Protagonist: ""Just do it, damn it!"" Tech Guy: \*taps three keys* ""Alright, I'm in!""   Or   Tech Guy: ""This could take hours.""   Protagonist: ""Well you've got five minutes!""   Tech Guy: \*taps three keys* ""Alright, I'm in!"""
Has anyone ever been into a Gamestop that didn't have awkward neckbeards as employees who try to talk to you for 5 minutes? Or one with a line that moves quickly? What was it like? Did you think you were in a completely unrealistic dream?|The GameStop in my area had some good looking girls working there. I, the customer, was the awkward neckbeard. No lines, except during the Christmas rush. Basically, you're stereotyping.
Does a criminal get money when a people make a show or movie about them?|The guy from Dog Day Afternoon got money from the film when he was released and used it to buy his SO the surgery, which was the point of the original robbery. The rest of the story isnt too happy as she died from AIDS before she could go through with it and he eventually drinks himself to death basically but its a nice thing to consider anyways
Which movie scene gave you a sudden and unexpected wave of emotions and or moment of realisation?|For some reason “Where the Wild Things Are” got me really emotional, and I’m not sure why
Dressed people of Reddit - How are you shoeing today?|Trainers
How do you visualize basic mathematical operations in your head?|Bits or chunks being stuck together, removed from, split into pieces, and copied and smushed together. Usually they're square-ish. This is mostly because I deal extensively with powers of two at work, which make an alternating sequence of squares and rectangles twice as wide as the previous square, but the same height.
How do you deal with a bipolar person?|You give them a coin then burn half their face off with acid.
Doctors or Reddit, with all the allergies and sensitivities out there what are your views on allowing perfume in the workplace?|I'm gonna side with the doctors on this one.
Your pet just looked at you with a dissapointed and dissaproval look. What did you do?|Ate the piece of food they thought I was going to give them.
Do you believe witches exist, why or why not?|I believe that there is stuff out there that can not be explained by known science
Under what circumstances would you actually kill someone, other than in defense of your own (or families) life?|If they put a finger in my butt, homie don’t play dat shit
What album can you listen to all the way through without skipping a single track?|Going Grey by The Front Bottoms
On a 1-10 scale how atheist are you ?|Not at all, I don’t really believe in god but atheists are too edgy for me.
What is the best way to get an O?|O of what?
What do you want to say really badly but haven't said yet?|To my husband :more sex please... but I'm to embarrassed. Don't want him thinking I'm a lady sex pest or something.
What was the creepiest thing that has been said to you that wasn't intended to be taken as creepy?|The other day I asked the bar tender if they had a nice, strong IPA. He responded by asking me, “like someone pulling your hair strong?”
What’s your worst ‘first day on the job’ story?|When I was in high school I got a job at a local cafe and got hired along with a girl who was a grade younger than me.  Our first day, she whipped open a sliding chocolate case door and slammed it into my finger, totally on accident, but it absolutely broke my finger on the spot.  I was in horrible pain, but it was my first job and I was terrified to tell our new boss.  I ended up going into the bathroom, using the first aid kit to tape it in place for the next 4 hours and finished the shift.
What question are you tired of seeing on /r/AskReddit?|"Anything with the words ""women of reddit.."""
When did you realize the job wasn't for you?|Took a job as a graphic designer for a company - first day on the job and I'm told I need to design junk-mail that then turns into a pyramid scheme with they reply with it (junk mail consisted of a simple game on it). Decided to walk out around lunchtime and never went back. Called them later and said the job just wasn't for me.
Why are UK schools so strict?|They have learned many lessons from watching US schools
Who's the one YouTuber you'd like to have a beer with, and why?|dankey
Fellow drivers of reddit, what song makes you drive dangerously fast?|"Takin’ a Ride by Don Felder
Faster by George Harrison 
The Chain by Fleetwood Mac 
Going Under by Devo"
What do you eat for breakfast that keeps you full for a long time?|Sausage biscuits
What about smart phones makes them a good/bad invention?|Convenience in your pocket. Too convenient to the point where people forgot how to actually interact with humans in real life.
What was the craziest thing that happened the day you didn’t go to school?|Some kid got slammed into a fucking stone wall and almost died.
What do you do in a wet suit when you're under water and have to pass gas?|I pretend I'm a Torpedo.
People that work/ed with a schizophrenic boss or coworker - what are you experiences and how did it affect you?|Always something bothering them. You can't live your life in peace around these people. Sadly it's unavoidable, the alternative would be too much trouble. So I'll put up with it for the greater good I guess. I'm a saint 😇
You've been nominated for an award. You get to choose the song that will play as you walk to receive the award. What's your song?|Comfortably Numb
What are good yet relatively cheap places to go on holidays?|Cyprus. Lovely people, decent prices.
Not what you tell your dentist, how often to you actually floss?|Once a day for the two weeks leading up to my dentist appointment. Once a week the rest of the year 🙄
Can you obtain a TWIC card with a possession of controlled substance felony charge why or why not ?|No. Because you need a TWIC to work at refineries.
Where would you least like to encounter one of your teachers/your boss?|I saw an ex history teacher in a sleazy nightclub before
What was a job you took that you very quickly began to loathe and why?|Working for Blue Cross Blue Shield (health insurance). I could never give a real answer that something was covered. And it made me realize how messed up health insurance is.
What sounds really terrible or dumb, but is actually pretty good?|Eating unhealthy foods.
Uber and lyft drivers of reddit, does it annoy you when drunk people want you to stop at a drive thru?|Once. The guy and his girlfriend were very, very drunk and the guy asked me to stop at a Taco Bell. I stopped and he ordered a bunch o food. His girlfriend was passed out in the back seat. Although I really wish he had, the guy did not give me anything...
What made you realize that you're different/unique?|In my university classes this semester - and especially with my study group - I’m the only one who actually cares about doing the assignments we have to finish in order to pass the semester. ???
"What is the dumbest ""company regulation"" you've had at work?"|My company has a pretty complicated attendance policy. Everyone gets Paid Leave (different amounts depending on how long you've been working for the company), but there is no distinction between sick days and vacation days. There used to be a problem with people using up their vacation days, so they wouldn't alert the company to a planned vacation, then just call in sick to use a sick day. The company decided to combine them to prevent this problem. That's not the complicated part. We ran into another problem where pretty often people would just call out if they didn't feel like showing up. Since sick days and vacation days were the same thing, people started to feel like there was no problem with just not coming to work so long as you had paid leave time to use. This started to really effect productivity, because it's pretty difficult to plan when people call out at the last minute all the time. To combat this, the company started a complicated attendance policy based around points. If you tell the office more than 24 hours ahead of time that you need off, there are no repercussions (sort of). If it's less than 24 hours before, you get 1 point. If you call out AFTER the work shift has already started, you get 2 points. If you are going to be less than 30 minutes late, but call before the work shift starts, you get 1/2 point. If you are going to be less than 30 minutes late, but call AFTER the work shift starts, you get 1 point. If you don't show up, and don't call in, you get 3 points. Each point disappears 1 year after you got it (so if I had no points, and called out today, I would have 1 point that would go away on 2/8/19). If, at any time, you accumulate 4 points, you are ineligible for the annual raise until you drop below 4 points. If you accumulate 6 points, you are brought in for a performance review, and, depending on the circumstances, may have further punishments. If you accumulate 8 points, it's grounds for immediate termination. There is also a 3-year rolling point count. If you accumulate more than 16 points (I think, maybe it's 12) in 3 years, that's also grounds for termination, even if you didn't have 8 within a single year. Finally, even if you call more than 24 hours before the work shit starts every time, there is a cap on the amount of time you can take off in a year (paid or unpaid) at 6 weeks. If you need to take off more than that, you can talk to management, and they are usually pretty understanding (we have a number of foreign-born employees who travel to their home country for a couple of months, and they can usually get management to agree for that), but you will probably be taken off the health insurance plan during your extended leave.
What petty thing are you elitist about?|"Headphones and speakers and their supporting paraphernalia. 
It just matters to me more than it rationally should"
"You get to trade bodies with a Celebrity, but if anyone can tell that you ""aren't yourself' you have to go back. Who do you choose?"|Kristen Stewart, because she has no personality anyways. It would be easy to mimic her, and I’d get to be rich!
"What is the best ""instant karma"" moment you've ever seen?"|Some guy cut me off and ran a red. There was an undercover cop waiting at the other light. He turned on his lights and pulled him over. The person in the car next to me looked at me and we both nodded. Instant karma!
Away from home and lose your wallet. No money or id. What do you do?|Phone someone for help.
Hey Reddit, what's your biggest fear?|Dying and not being able to help raise my daughter.
What's your craziest story from college?|This has never been asked
People who work for airlines, what are secrets passengers don't know?|Soylent green is people or whatever!
People who pull out in front of fast moving traffic and then drive slowly, why do you do it?|Oblivious. No dynamic spatial perception. These are the people that need to be relegated to self-driving pods in the right-hand lane.
If dogs could talk, what do you think yours would say about you?|"""You know what?, i am going to wake you up at 1 in the morning and you can do nothing about it, what are you gonna do? yell at me?"""
Reddit, what's the worst roommate story you've ever heard of?|DAD DAD!!!! FOOD LOVE PLAY FOOD KISS PLAY LOVE FOOD FOOD FOOD!!!! (Big goofy sweet great Dane... 165 lbs. of Scooby Doo)
How fu*ked up is it for a father to hit his child?|Very. Parents especially are role models for children, and children being beaten by their parents usually leads to the children being more violent as they grow up.
Pants that hang down below your butt... What are they called, where do you get them, how do they feel, are there many versions and styles, competing brands, would you recommend them to everyone, how do you think you'll feel in 20 years looking back on them, and just overall... why?|They're called baggy pants and serve no purpose being below your ass. Wear a belt.
Why does the show Ridiculousness still get on air time?|Teenagers and tweens
Redditors, at what point did you realize your liking of something was actually an obsession or addiction?|When i spent all my time not doing the thing researching the thing.
What are some good subs to browse the “top of all time” posts on?|r/buttsharpies
If Reddit existed in Star Wars, what kind of Reddit posts would there be?|The Destruction of the Death Star by religious fanatics rebels was an inside job.
If you *had* to choose one celebrity to be the next US president, who would it be?|Morgan Freeman Imagine the state of the union address lmao chills
What cancelled tv show would you bring back if the choice was given to you?|Freaks and Geeks
You meet all sort of wonderful people on reddit, who was the favorite person you met and what makes s/he so special?|This guy added me on snapchat after I posted my username. We ended up talking a lot and added me to a skype group he had with his irl friends. Five years later and I've got a really solid friend group who have helped me through a lot, but I've never met any of them in person.
What are positive ways to combat negative thoughts, behavior, actions, etc.?|Getting a good night’s rest is the first step to a successful morning which is the first step to a successful day
What’s the weirdest reason you’ve ever been attracted to someone?|Simply because they were attracted to me.
Gamers of Reddit, what are the most common mistakes my mom makes in bed?|she keeps flanking from the long route while the whole team dies.
Who's your favorite foul-mouthed fictional character?|Cartman.
What's the TLDR of your life?|Born, suffers, will die.
What's something Socially Unacceptable that may be Socially Acceptable within the next few decades?|Walk around butt naked in public.
"Currently dealing with a breakup, what was your ""Enough of this shit"" turning point to getting over it?"|It was shortly after my break up. My ex and I were still talking, telling each other we loved each other. But she told me I couldn't come back home and suddenly I just got pissed. That and she wouldn't let me pack my own things. She threw all my things in some boxes and to this day I am still missing some things. It was less than a week after we broke up. At that point, I got so angry. I finally snapped and realized that it was over, and I was glad it was over. I was sick of being controlled, abused, and mistreated. From that moment on, I was over the whole thing.
Is it more fun for you to receive upvotes, or downvotes? Why?|Upvotes. If you really wanted to get a bunch of downvotes, you're limited by the minimum thresholds on reddit, so you can never go below something like -100 comment karma
Redditors, what's one thing you do that can be considered impressive?|I won the science fair in eighth grade by turning my mom's vibrator into a CD player using some chicken wire and shit.
When did you have to be the bearer of bad news?|I was out at a club in college and I saw the boyfriend of a good friend of mine grinding up with some girl. I let her know, because they were getting hot and heavy in public. She ended up waiting at the dorm to confront him, and they broke up that night.  It all worked out in the end, she met a great dude and they've been married for a while now.
What's your favorite fun fact about marketing?|"My favorite is, *""Grocery stores chose to play music with a slower tempo as it makes people subconsciously walk slower, causing them to stay in the store longer and buy more things.""*"
Sleepy cubicle workers of Reddit - how do you stay awake & alert at the office?|I drink lots of tea. If the caffeine doesn't keep me awake, constantly getting up to use the restroom will lol
What gets more confusing the more you think about it?|Time
Hello redditors, What’s your biggest pet peeve?|People who ask about my pet peeves.
What was the fad during your freshman year of high school?|"cell phones with keyboards and ""The Ultimate Showdown"" youtube video"
What is the worst drug related experience you've ever witnessed?|Roommate was arrested for distributing and I was arrested because I lived with him.
What are the sort of thoughts that keep you awake at night?|My generation is going to be in charge of everything some day.
What are some meals that are healthy, delicious and only takes about five minutes to make?|Also where is the fountain of youth?
"What is your ""First World Problem"" today?"|Mine is that my dog ruined a perfectly good avocado that I was looking forward to having with lunch.
Reddit, what is your greatest creation?|I once took a shit that came all the way out of the water.
What word do you always struggle at spelling?|"Exercise.  For some reason I always want to put a ""c"" right after the ""x."""
What's the best TV series you have watched?|My Name is Earl is underrated. It'd be my all time favorite comedy show if Arrested Development didn't exist.
What is your religion?|Christianity
What made you sad when you realized you could no longer do something because you “grew too old to do it”?|trick or treating
Athletes who have competed at the national or international levels, what goes on behind the scenes?|Sex. So much sex. Source: have never been to any national or international athletics event but have been on the internet for some time.
How do you watch the american show'the four battle for stardom' live if you live in the eu?|Don't. It's trash.
"What's your favorite ""House Rule"" for a board game?"|Free parking gets all the money in the pot. Banker can’t win. Only fuck it up for other players.
Can antisocial people ever be in a healthy relationship? Why/why not?|My SO is social enough for the both of us.
What is the weirdest surname you've ever heard?|Pickle
What keeps someone like Elon Musk from offering a country like the Bahamas tons of money in order to effectively buy the country and run as he sees fit?|An entire country is worth trillions of dollars. Richest dude on Earth is Jeff Bezos at $100 billion. Not even close.
What ExplosmEntertainment uses for drawing cartoons and comics?|I would assume they use drawing tablets and a program like Photoshop or Illustrator.
What is a movie that everyone has heard of but not many people have watched?|Twilight?
What is your strange addiction?|If I don't do Oxygen for more than 5 minutes I will die.
What’s the most hurtful phrase someone could say?|I’m disappointed in you.
Gamers of Reddit, if you only could play one game for the rest of your life, what would it be?|sex
What are your favorite stoned questions?|Who closes the bus door after the bus driver gets off the bus?
If an adult student kills a school shooter in am act of defense while the school is in lockdown, what consequences will the student face?|Should he even face any?
Why dried vegis in ramen noodles tends to be sweet?|I don't know, but what does taste good in ramen noodles is ketchup!
What cheap version of something are you used to?|Milk and eggs after gym instead of protein shake. I can't afford it, lol.
What thing, if taken back 200 years into the past, would make the biggest impact on society?|Anything related to mass food prep/storage.
Which celebrity do you want to be the 47th president?|Obligatory Elon Musk.
"What would be the literary equivalent of ""The Room""?"|I don't wanna be cliché, but probably the Fifty Shades series in that they're both made by people who definitely didn't know the industry, neither of them are taken seriously, both feature the writers' unusual ideas of what a relationship looks like, and both are still joked about.
Thinkers of reddit, what is your favorite thing to day dream about?|Free will, and/or randomness
What was the happiest day of your life?|I don't know, haven't had it yet.
What is the worst city you've ever been to?|Huntington, West Virginia. Shithole.
Redditors who don't trust doctors, why?|"I have fibromyalgia, which means chronic nerve pain, and I've had it since I was a young teenager. I went to my general practitioner, and she was the one who diagnosed me. When I complained about not knowing how to function or have an active or normal life with the constant pain and exhaustion, she put me on hydrocodone. I was on opiates for years, despite the fact that it's well known in the medical community that opiates just don't help with fibromyalgia, and it's a bad idea to try to put someone on opiates for constant chronic pain.  Because I took them daily for years, I build up both a dependance and a tolerance, and eventually after putting me on higher and higher doses, she put me on a fentanyl patch - super heavy duty pain medicine that just doesn't do much for me (except get me high and manic so I don't notice the pain) and I'm pretty solidly hooked.  The DEA was cracking down on regulations in my state and she was nervous, I guess, because a lot of places were getting shut down for being pill mills. Instead of taking responsibility for putting a kid on this heavily addictive medicine, not putting any effort into treating fibro instead of the pain, and tapering me off, she dropped me as a patient entirely and refused to give me any medicine - including the anticonvulsants and beta blockers. I almost died from the withdrawal. I don't think 100% of doctors are like that one, but the whole situation sure fucked over my ability to trust doctors, and I'm much more hesitant to go to a doctor about any problem if I can tough it out or try to figure it out on my own. Even after anything it took a while and someone with outside perspective to realize ""hey it's pretty fucked up for a doctor to put a 13/14 year old on opiates for almost 5 years."" (That's not even getting into the life-threatening allergic reaction I had to some antibiotics that were given to me ""just in case this rash is from an infected spider bite"".)"
Redditors who don't yet have kids, What videogames/movies/books from your childhood will you want them to experience?|Lord of the rings OG star wars Harry Potter PS2 And definitely their own black lab/Rottweiler mix like I had growing up
The world is ending, we're moving to another Planet, you can only take one family member with you, who do you choose and why??|I stay back and send my 2 kids.
What would you do if, as a kid, your stuffed animals came to life and attacked you?|Die while screaming, probably.
Ex-Millionaires of Reddit, how did you lose it all?|You ever hear of a lil something called coke?
People of Reddit, what's the smoothest way your partner got rid of someone that was hitting on you?|Of course, you can say what was the smoothest way you got rid of someone that was hitting on your partner.
Tomorrow the US military packs up all it's overseas bases and operations and brings them home. What happens to the world?|The middle east and north africa would probably fall apart *more*. Europe and Asia would probably be fine. A bunch of pacific islands would just be left abandoned though. Might cause trouble with china and japan over island ownership again.
What's a fun thing you can do during a power outage?|Bang it out
If you could reach inside the TV and kick any TV show or movie characters ass who would it be?|Ill go first: Noah Tenenbaum, meadows boyfriend from season 3 of the sopranos.
"Teachers if Reddit, what are your thoughts/experiences on Van Halen's ""Hot for Teacher""?"|Autocorrect is killing me. Teachers OF Reddit.
Is there a book/movie that has seriously impacted your life? If so, why?|*The Strange Death of Europe* moved me to tears because of how raw its depiction of the destruction of European cultures was.
Reddit, what are some things that we should take for granted?|The freedoms we do have, that we take for granted. As more and more muslims enter my country and the rest of europe, I realise, for the first real time in my life, we may have to fight for these freedoms. (I mean politically) We have people coming in who are totally against  our way of life and wish to change it. In the coming decades, they will try via their own political groups. I sound so privelleged I know. But as a white straight male, the freedoms and way of life have never been really under threat. But now, with mass immigration and high muslim birth rates, I realize it'll never be the same - they are going to try and get their own religious based laws implemented. The things we take for granted, could be taken away. And it terrifies me. Women simply wearing what they want could be a thing of the past, by the end of this century.
What petty crime have you committed accidentally?|Hmm. Does not knowing something was illegal count as accidental? Survey says:
What are some good questions to ask during a job interview?|"""What would a typical day look like for me?"""
Programmers: how do you fill your time during processing/loading time?|Answering this question.
Men who look young but are older (28+) how have you overcome this as a grown man in the business world in terms of respect?|I've been in the business world since my mid teens and have never had a problem. Men aren't catty.
What is your business venture idea that no one has thought of or is relatively unheard of?|Nice try!
What life skill do you wish you would have been taught while in school?|How to do your taxes. This should be an actual thing, Econ classes don't teach you this and so many people out there waste money paying others to do something that they really should have been taught how to do. If you plan on having somewhere to live in your life you will have to do taxes at some point, you will never regret having learned it.
What is something that you dislike about others, but actually do yourself?|It drives me crazy when my mom leaves the kitchen cabinet doors. I do the same thing.
Why was Marlo Stanfield such a cold muthafucka?|MY NAME IS MY NAME!
Happy people of reddit- how was your last night?|It was good, I mostly slept.   My cat slep on her favorite chair.   Thats all about noteworthy
"What are some signs you're, ""comfortable"" at work?"|gas leakage
What's the most interesting/creative way that you or someone you know has quit their job?|"""I'm moving on to another job, consider this my two weeks notice.  Do you need it in writing?""   Quitting isn't like asking a girl to Prom.  
Be a professional just in case you need to come crawling back."
How many weeks does NASA think the Tesla will run into an asteroid?|It might not. The actual probability of hitting an asteroid is surprisingly low. It's not like the movies.
What would user reviews for ancient inventions/locations/etc look like?|"Hindenburg 
 - One star 
- A little too hot and there are always people smoking :/"
Inherited wealth/poverty aside, what’s the correlation between being rich/hard work and being poor/laziness?|Learned helplessness. Those who have tried things and been rewarded are motivated to keep doing the same. Those who have tried to make their way and received no reward, or been stuck in situations they can't control, learn that there's no reward for effort, and it can be very difficult to break out of that mindset. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learned_helplessness#Social_impact
What was the stupidest thing you did resulting in a detention?|Went just cause all my friends were there
What are some old wives tales that sound dumb but are actually true?|Something about some guy who didn’t know what a potato was or something
People with big families, what’s the thing you hate most about having a big family?|No personal space. Always shared a room with 2-3 siblings
What are your thoughts on marijuana?|Should be legal, glad it is going that way. However, the whole weed culture needs to die and die quickly. Morons walking around with marijuana leaves on their t-shirt, dick heads making it their logo in computer games, generally going on and on about it every 5 minuets - its pathetic. If you smoke, have a smoke, its all good, but dont go on about it like you are some kind of fucking rebel.
What was the best year of your life and why?|1995 not a care in the world.
People of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing anyone has ever said to you?|When I was a kid a Priest told me that when I use my left hand to write it was the devils words.
People who never socialize, what brings meaning to your lives?|My collection of imaginary internet points
what is the scariest thing that has happend to you with a Ouija board?|I was hit really hard in the head with one before if that counts
How close is the link between globalization and westernization?|Globalization has been happening since long before the `west' was ever a thing
Men, how do you fake an orgasm in emergency needs to escape?|pull out and spit on her back
What’s that stupidly embarrassing thing you did that your brain likes to remind you of at 2 AM when you’re trying to sleep?|Replying to Reddit questions like this one. Ha.
You're a burglar, but instead of stealing things you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What is your crime?|murder their family in front of them
What memes do you find the most annoying?|The unpopular opinion puffin - if you use it correctly, you get downvoted for having a bad opinion, and if you use it incorrectly you get downvoted for using it incorrectly.  It's just a bad meme.
What song do you never want to hear again?|Anything top 40.
"What phrase changes completely when you put ""sort of"" after it?"|"""I love you... sort of"""
Women of reddit, what’s it like having big boobs?|All women don’t have big boobs
Men who are well endowed, what is it like?|r/bigdickproblems
Casino employees of Reddit, what is your best story of someone being kicked out?|I worked at the front desk of a hotel that was attached to the casino. One afternoon one of our hotel housekeepers came to the front with a small bag of crystal meth that she found in the public bathroom next to the front desk. We had to get security, surveillance and the DCI involved. After DCI took the drugs away a woman came to the front desk looking for a 'baggie of medicine' that she left in the bathroom. I couldn't believe it. I went back to my boss's office and told her that there was a lady at the front looking for her 'medicine' that she left in the bathroom. My boss had me contact DCI while she tried to stall the woman out front. After I made the call, I stepped out to the front just in time to see DCI running across the casino floor and into the atrium. The woman sees the commotion out of the corner of her eye and takes off running toward them to get to the front door. She was able to make it out of the front door and to the valet area before DCI tackled her to the ground and handcuffed her.
What one question would you ask a senior to gain the best insight/advice from them?|What’s your perfect sandwich
What's the pettiest rule you've broken just to prove it shouldn't exist?|Speed limits and drug trafficking
What is a horrible country with a great climate?|A lot of the central african countries.
Veterans, what are some things you saw overseas that you will never forget?|"Seeing kids line up just to flip us the bird. We didn't even speak the same language and they would come out just to say ""fuck you you motherfucking fucker"""
What was your best moment at school and why?|When one of the worst teachers got kicked out. We were so happy that we finally got rid of her. We later saw her working as a janitor in my dads' office building.
What movie opening this year are you most excited to see?|Deadpool 2
What, if any, is common between the party divide in America right now and the origins of the Sunni-Shia divide and the 3 Abrahamic religions?|Everyone is acting in their own interests, both sides can be retarded. Collectivism is dangerous and making everyone compromise their morals.
How does one find out what's missing in their life?|By living it. You get fulfilment from experiences.
What TV show were you totally in to, then they aired a episode that made you quit watching the show all together?|The Walking Dead. I made it all the way to the episode that introduced King Ezekiel and his poorly-CGI'd tiger. I couldn't handle how lame that character was. He carried himself like he was royalty and expected to be treated like an actual king. And those in his group actually treated him like one. I'd had enough. I mean, the world is in fallout. Food is scarce enough as it is for human survival. What the fuck are you feeding a goddamn tiger? I quit watching that shit with a quickness.
What's the most questionable thing you've seen or found in a public restroom?|I was in maintenance for a while for a big chain store. Found a ton of things. The two that stand out the most are finding a huge double sided dildo and actually finding some one who passed away in a stall.
INFP males who've been in a relationship, how did it turn out?|Well she was a Scorpio with bullshit in the house of Aquarius and her sister was an INTJGFD with gullible rising.
Whats it like having a weird/different name?|"My parents named me after my grandparents, and its not a bad name, its just annoying people misprounce it, and you dont always want to correct them, or explain the name. 
Oh, and I have a last name that needs to be spelled most of the time too, so my life so far has just been a big spellfest."
Redditors with fetishes, how did you discover you were into some weird shit? [nsfw]|I was browsing through a porn mag and i saw a woman with a penis. It was the most glorious thing I've ever laid my eyes upon. I felt like i was looking at a goddess.
People who have been on the internet since the 90's, what's something you miss?|When YouTube was a site for funny cat videos instead of being full of dumbass 'celebrities'.
What is the safest way to eat an orange?|Eat it in the shower. No sticky fingers.
How does it feel to fall in love?|Like you'd willingly throw your soul into Hell for all eternity so they could experience the tiniest moment in Heaven....
Which fictional character has the worst parents?|Timmy Turner. They don't even care that he is being sexually abused and tortured by the babysitter.
Redditors who shop at Wal-Mart, why do you open pad and tampon boxes?|Because they steal one so they don't have to pay for the whole box.
What’s the story behind how you got your first name?|My name is Atom. One of my great uncles was a scientist who helped work on the Atomic Bomb.
What subreddit does no one know about, that everyone should know about?|r/AntiAntiAntiAntiJokes
Pot dealers that live in states where it has become legal, what do you do now?|If they’re smart, when they heard it was gonna become legal soon they would’ve saved a lot of money and opened a dispensary
What is your phobia? And if you have rationalized it, why?|Things with button eyes. Buttons are fine, button eyes are insanely creepy
Former teenagers that were in the woods who told the random younger kids that showed up to “Get the fuck out of here”: what were you doing?|Protecting my porn stash.
What's your ultimate but silliest dream you want to achieve/obtain?|I've always wanted a copy of every Moon Knight collectible. Anything that he's been in or that has been made.
What are some cheap/free ways to speed up a slow computer?|Download some fresh ram.
Whats the funniest thing you got away with in school?|I threw a Yoo-hoo can at a kid and nailed him in the head, and then got him in trouble for it
Reddit, what dead subs do you wish were more popular?|r/mildly_illegal
What is your stance on cryptocurrency ?|Complicated and probably not worth attempting to understand at this point.
Where are some locations around the house to hide things for a S.O. to find eventually?|Mousetraps in the top cabinet.
Which famous person would you most like to switch places with for a week?|Justin Beiber That way when I commit suicide I kill two birds with one stone
If you were asked to write mean fortune cookies about future love life (misfortune cookies in this case), what would you write?|Some people have soulmates. You'll have cats
What decade has had the best music?|Whatever decade we're in.  I mean, you still have access to all the music of all the previous ones, plus the new stuff.  It was the best of times.  It was the worst of times.  All depends on your playlist.
People that often use others for their own good, why do you do this?|The end justifies the means
What experience made you into a believer of the supernatural or at the very least seriously question the idea that we live in a purely physical universe?|My great grandma passed away in the '80s, and shortly after she passed,  my dad (who was living with her, caring for her, and taking care of her arrangements at the time) cleaned out her deep freeze in her basement. On the day of her funeral, my dad and his brothers were at her house with some other family members, and my dad's brother Al decides he's hungry. He goes down to the basement, and comes back with a gallon-size plastic baggie of frozen chocolate chip cookies that he had found in the deep freeze. These cookies were my grandma's specialty and this was the last batch she had ever made. To this day my dad swears up and down that he had completely emptied the deep freeze and has no idea where the cookies came from, and I have to admit a giant bag of cookies would be hard to miss. They microwaved them one by one so that the whole house smelled like her cookies one last time.  This was before I was born but it's a family legend now. I don't 100% believe in spooks, but hearing stories like this makes me wonder. There's still so much humans don't know, so I don't think ethereal shenanigans should be counted out.
Procrastinators of Reddit, what are you putting off doing?|Learning C# and Angular.  I already made the damn thing in Java.  But they want .NET :(
People who wait until 10 feet before a turn to use your turn signal, why do you do what you do?|People who tailgate, why do you do it?
Redditors who didn't go to college, what do you do and how much do you make?|Joined the military, retired after 23 years and now I invest in real estate. Haven't made less than $100,000/year during the past 4 years. Could make more if I took on more deals, but I like having a decent work/life balance.
What crimes have u NOT committed?|Rape. I will never rape.
What is your favorite Barenaked Ladies song and why?|I love the song Alcohol. Not sure why.
What Wikipedia page did you come across that you wish you hadn't?|The horror movie Python from the year 2000
What is the best use for a real portal gun?|Orange portal on the inside of a toilet, blue portal to piss literally anywhere
What's your favorite thing to do?|Tiptoe through the tulips.
What's the most memorable random act of kindness you have ever received/witnessed?|Was out to lunch with 5-6 friends one time, and this nice old man a few tables away anonymously paid for our meal.  (We knew it was him because there werent very many people in the restaurant) It was easily well over $100.  Thanks stranger!
What's the most annoying personality trait that you've encountered in someone at work?|They wouldnt stop talking.
Redditors who love their job: what do you do and what do you love about it?|I’m a gardener, still took 4 years of study to be qualified but it’s a stress free environment and I love being outdoors rain, hail or shine
What was the worst or weirdest substitute teacher you have ever had?|In grade 10 we had a student teacher - he looked like a blond, long-haired Phish fan - who was in charge of marking our history tests. He spilled coffee all over them in his bag and then copied out everyone's tests, by hand, onto new test papers, attempting to copy everyone's handwriting and printing. He was not a good copier, but no one had complaints about him replicating the words themselves faithfully.
Which European country would you like to go to for a fishing trip?|Finland, because the name of the country relates to fish because the name of the country contains the word fin and this is a part of a fish.
What tips do you have for young adults on how to make the most of their money?|A good start would be to save a little every time you spend a little. Imagine if a price was actually double what it was. Would make you consider whether a material item or service is worth it. That's how I first started.
"What would be a good introduction for yt channel, like jacksepticeye says "" top in the morning..."" something that will be remembered.?"|You kinda have to come up with that yourself. If it’s your YouTube channel, make it about you, don’t borrow someone else’s ideas.  Edit: spellcheck and punctuation.
What's your type of girl/guy?|Girl - nerdy, fit, and loves memes.
What goes in the safe?|My gun when it's not on my body.
What are some of the dumbest college programs/majors out there?|As a father of a daughter in her senior year of her painting degree, I don't know, engineering maybe?  <bursts into tears>
What will you always remember?|How to forget
What is the most genuine happiness you've ever experienced?|Holding my pet kitten for the first time.
What are some signs of good parenting?|A childless couple.
How do you ask out an online friend?|You don't. Long distance relationships never work.
What is the nicest thing that drunk-you did for sober-you?|I once cleaned the entire house after a party and had no memory of it whatsoever. I only knew because people told me I did it.
What jobs that you'd expect to have crappy pay actually offer a decent wage?|I'm a substitute teacher and my whole life I thought they wouldn't make good money because teacher salary is so low, but I actually make great money during the school  year.
If you could spy on people with infrared satellites, how would you use it?|i'd eliminate all terrorists
What is something disgusting/weird you do that would embarrass you if anyone found out?|I'd tell you, but then I would be embarrassed because you found out.
Can you tell when a friend has depression?|I'd say no. It's important that if you think someone does to be there. Reach out, talk to them, try to open up a dialogue but let them open up on their own.
"You have to create an ad for a major brand by using the word ""thingy"". How do you do it?"|Not today tide
What is the most embarrassing experience you had involving a fart?|I fell asleep in court and farted. loudly on a wooden bench my buttcheeks had made an airtight seal it reverberated
What would you recommend every person does at least once in their lives?|A psychedelic of some form
What's the best tasting food you've had that you wouldn't have eaten if you actually knew what it was?|The first time I had sushi, I was offered some. I had no idea what that green shit was around the rice, and I didn't have any idea of all the things inside the rice, but damn I'm glad I didn't shy away from it.
What non-robot thing names sound like they should be robot names?|Elon Musk
Have you ever used drugs? What was the experience of the high like?|Not the FBI , nice username :p
What is something that everybody else does but you don't do?|Brush their teeth at the sink, I brush mine in the shower
How do you hit on someone?|With a blunt object
If you're going through a rough Patch with your SO, what are some good things to do as a couple to rebuild that flame to have a brighter future?|This may seem small but starting a tv show that you only watch together.
How do you feel about a law requiring you to have a specific license to be able to drive manual cars?|...Why, is this some serious issue plaguing the nation or something?
Redditors who attended their high school prom, what was your most vivid memory of the night?|Sneaking up to the balcony to spit on unsuspecting people dancing below.
What are some cool non-work related perks at your job?|Military discounts.
What are some shitty space facts?|if u go there u die!!!
What event in your life made you give up your morality in order to serve your needs?|Finding religion
What would you call someone that never enjoyed life and saw the point in living?|I'm not talking about being suicidal.
Sleepwalkers of Reddit: how’d you first find out you sleepwalk? what’s the strangest thing you’ve done while sleepwalking?|I don't sleepwalk, but my brother did when he was younger. One night, my dad stopped him from taking a piss in the fridge. My brother had already opened the fridge door and pulled down his pants.
What are your favorite Reddit bots?|Automoderator because it’s not some stupid novelty bot.
To those ever addicted to hard drugs, what drug was it, what was it like while on it , and what was withdrawal like?|Painkillers.  Happy, euphoric, talkative, no anxiety or depression, up for whatever kind of attitude 4 months of absolute, grade A hell.
Now that you're an adult - what would have been some very good ideas for cheating at school in hindsight?|Actually turning up and doing the work.
What tv show or movie hardly has any marketing?|"I would say Party Down is the most unknown when I discuss TV with people. It's a really funny show, as is Fred Savage's other show, ""Happy Endings."""
What is the single most compassionate thing you’ve witnessed, or experienced, another human do?|My dad counted the stray cats at our hotel in Morocco. He made sure to bring enough leftovers to give every cat a little snack when he got back. He also fed them all one by one. It was so sweet!
If you could make any movie you wanted, what would the plot be?|Um... okay. How about this:  Adam Sandler is like, in love with some girl, but then it turns out that the girl is actually a ...golden retriever, or something.
How does one address male to male sexual harassment in the workplace?|Record it next time it happens then take it to HR. Threaten to sue if the perpetrator isn't fired, then when he's fired, sue anyway.
Why do you poop and pee in the shower at the gym?|Who poops in the gym???
Music fans of Reddit, what is a genre of music that you could never get into?|whatever ICP is considered
What is the funniest episode of the Simpsons?|Monorail
What is a lot more terrifying than its name implies?|Base jumping
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what charge would you like to be able to commit? Why?|Drug possession
Bullies of reddit, why do you bully?|I am dumb and want to feel superior.
"How many times have you heard ""I don't have respect for a girl after sleeping with her on the first date""?"|Zero. That is about the dumbest thing anyone has ever taught a lad.
If You Could Ask Donald Trump One Question He Had to Answer Honestly, What Would You Ask?|"""What crimes have you committed?"".  Make sure to ask him in front of lots of witnesses."
How do you know when someone’s a true ‘90s kid?|I’ll start: they know more than one Ace of Base song
How do you feel about inevitability of self driving cars and losing your privilege to drive?|I ain't worried. There will always be places to drive.
Left-handed people of Reddit, what equipment intended for Right-handed use have you injured yourself with while using?|my penis
People who were *that* kid in school, what made you that kid and what are you up to now?|Which kind of *that* kid? Are we talking jock guy, horse girl, or the kid who just sat in the back and just drew knives all day?
What song do you hate but can't help but sing along with?|Havana oh nah nah
What are some of the best TV/Movies/Books nobody's heard of?|Game of Thrones, Star Wars, Harry Potter. Honestly though, in some parts of the world nobody's heard of these things.
What is your least favorite internal conflict and/or what external conflict upsets you most?|Body Image
People who had a near death experience, what happened and did it change your outlook on life?|I fell 40 feet and hit the ground.  It for sure did. I learned that it's not worth it living by other people's expectations and trying to meet their goals. Life is about you first. Do you. The ones that appreciate that will never try to break you down or tear you apart, the ones that don't aren't worth your time.   If you're not living as the best you you are and doing what you want to do, you're not living right. If you want to lay in bed all day and watch TV do it. Fuck it. It's what you want to do.  Never do something based on how other people are going to react, and never not do something based on how other people are going to judge.  Your life is yours, and no one else's.
People with college degrees, how is the job market?|what job market?
What are some obscure and interesting things that happened between 1920-1990?|The dictator of Communist Romania was overthrown by young people who might not have existed if it had not been for the abortion ban he himself had implemented years earlier.
Is is tyrannous to assume that when walking along paths/sidewalks/hallways etc., that the same directional rules apply as when driving? Or is regulating the way people walk in public spaces just one step closer to fascism?|Walking on the right side of the hallway = fascism
Hey Reddit, what is the best quality/price ratio when it comes to sunglasses?|My ideal sunglasses: ANSI-rated amber lenses, polarized, with spring temples.  I can usually find a decent pair at a sporting goods place in the shooting or fishing department for around $30.  Seems to be the sweet spot.
What’s the first thing that goes through your mind when you see a man wearing light pink pants?|Do he got a booty?
People who snoop through other people's stuff, what are you hoping to find? What's your most exciting find?|had to recover some data for a high school girl who looked and acted like she was one of the popular kids when she came to me. she had written a very respectable amount of jiraiya x kakashi fanfic.
Global leaders on Reddit, what have you achieved this past year? And what's the goal for 2018?|Leaders of any institution, community, company or an entire industry. Even Heads of States ( your secrets are safe with us :)
If you have ever transferred to a totally different job role while staying in the same business, why did you do it and what happened?|*i i i was promised a new stapler b b but i didn’t get one s s s s s so I burned down my office*
What was the most unexpectedly rude thing a stranger has done to you for seemingly no reason?|"I was yelled at walking my dog. A fairly old stranger with a long beard yelled at me near a busy intersection to control my dog. My dog was standing and didn't even look at him. I was standing and waiting for my boyfriend. We were literally just standing. I'm a 22 year old woman. He continued for a good ten minutes when the only words I could say was , ""okay thank you."" In the hopes he would go away. I had to repeat those words like 5 times for him to catch a hint. (I'm not much for aggressive confrontation.)"
Have you ever had a bad experience with marijuana? What was that like?|I was having real bad anxiety at the time, and I took one too many hits. It was one of the worst experiences I’ve ever had, the room wouldn’t stop spinning and I felt like I was dying. The best thing I can relate it to is the anxiety you would feel if you were just told everyone in your family was murdered and that you were being evicted. I couldn’t imagine myself ever getting better, and I cried so hard I couldn’t breathe. Not fun lol and I wish I was being dramatic
[NSFW] Why does the Japanese (and others) censor the “important bits” of the bodies but keep the boobs and such?|Because if they censored the breasts, why wouldn't they do the same to the men?
Those of you who got your job by networking, how did you do so and what are tips for effective networking?|im a really good friend and anytime i had to do work alongside a friend, even it was some shitty stuff like yardwork, i never let them on to that i could be lazy. this worked out really well for me because while i was in my early 20s, i was a huge piece of shit and so i surrounded myself with people who were much more successful than me.
What's the thing you get most bitter-betty'ish about?|Not being able to talk about politics anymore without getting into a big fight.
Rich people of Reddit. If you don't worry about things financially, what stresses you out?|Health. Don't take your good health for granted.
Fast food workers of Reddit, what are some secrets about your store that we should know?|Its been a few years since I worked there but the McDonald's breakfast burritos were pre-made, frozen and then shipped to stores where we heated them in a microwave.
[NSFW] People who have had sex in the full nelson/headlock position, why?|Some people enjoy choking and being choked. It just felt right in the moment.
Who's the wisest person you've ever met?|Jordan Peterson
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?|I think I would have to go with chicken shawarma!
Wholesome redditors, what random act of kindness has stuck with you that you will never forgot?|That time when a customer offered to buy me a drink because I said I was thirsty. I mean it wasn’t that big of a deal, but I work in retail and deal with a lot of people who are mean for no reason so that really warmed my heart.
What’s the most used stall in a 3-stall restroom?|If I say the middle, will you stop being rude and just use one of the outside stalls, Karen?!
You are abducted by aliens. Your only way of escaping is teaching them what Jazz is. How do you go around and do it?|First you show them classical music. Then big bands. Then jazz since jazz bands formed to mimic those big bands.
Gamers of Reddit, what do you think about Life Is Strange?|Never played it but hear the ending is lame. *shrugs*
"What makes you think ""wow, we're living in the future""?"|The fact that people live in space now
Former NFL players of reddit, how is your body holding up since you retired?|There are tons of Articles on this why would you post on reddit about it?
Every house has an 'Ugly Item' that you just can't part with. What's yours?|My brother.
Why does a cows milk have to go through such a process before it can be consumed?|Pasteurization is used to sterilize the milk so that there aren't any harmful pathogens in it. However, fans of raw milk will say that that process removes some nutrients and leads to weaker immune systems because of it.
Ladies of Reddit, where is the most ideal yet realistic place you'd like to receive a wedding proposal?|try r/AskWomen for higher probability of real ladies.
What is your favorite bad video game?|Sonic 06 ( don’t hate )
If you had a chance to make a very small change in one person's life that would improve it greatly, what would you do, and to whom?|Live in the same country as my parents so I can visit them often. I think they get really lonely
What can you do with infrared sattellites?|See things outside the visible spectrum of light.
When a friend has depression is it obvious?|I wonder if my friends have any idea or if they think Ive just become a cunt or something
How many people in prison are actually psychopaths/have diagnosed ASPD?|3
Who is the worst hypocrite you have known?|Hillary Clinton talking about womens' rights when she's enabled her husband to go around and do terrible things while she turns a blind eye.
What's a sexy thing to text a guy to roleplay along with a sexy school girl outfit pic you are sending him?|Stop pepper.  And for the love of god take your meds
Do you secretly regret having children? If so, why?|No, I never wanted children and when I got pregnant I was secretly a bit gutted.  Once my son was born I fell in love straight away.  My kids are the best thing in my life and even though it's tough being a parent I wouldn't be without them
What makes you happy?|cup of coffee and cupcake in the morning
What was your proudest poop?|The time I pooped on your mom
What top 3 scary movies would recommend?|The exorcist, insidious, Texas chainsaw massacre
Reddit, what's something you didn't like about the early internet?|The dial up noise at 2am could be heard from any room in the house, I’m so glad we’ve moved away from that in such a short time.
If people generally think the superhero movie market is over saturated, how does the MCU continue to thrive for over a decade?|Because they spend more on marketing than their movies and make more off toys than their movies.
Those who have cheated on their significant others in the past, what made you think that was OK?|"They said ""do what you want"". I didn't realize that didn't extend beyond restaurant choice."
What’s the closest you’ve been to orgasming without doing something inherently sexual?|One time my boss let me smoke some weed at his house but it turns out it was laced with cocaine and while i was waiting for my bus the sound of cars driving past was really doing it for me, i nearly came for sure... it was weird
What is something you have done that most people will never experience in their life?|I won an Academy Award for animation
Socially anxious people , what has been your biggest loss because of it ?|Making friends
Men of Reddit, do you really not notice when a girl is wearing makeup or is that just a dumb stereotype?|No we notice. We also notice when women wear *too much* makeup, which is sometimes arguably worse. But obviously, we never say that..
"What crazy history in your college period made you realize ""holy shit, this is out of control""?"|i was literally having 2 - 3 different women in my room throughout the day. behind on rent. not going to classes.  only taking showers to go grab the next date. i was a fuccboi outta control. luckily this was 2009-2012 period so nobody batted an eye but man was i a thirsty fuck and it took up all of my time when i wasn't playing starcraft 2/ runescape/ partying piecing together my history, being a fuccboi literally screwed my life up because i did eventually drop out and didn't go back to school until 4-5 years later after i had a steady job to pay for school myself.
To those who have ever moved to a new city, where did you end up meeting the people that became your closest friends there?|I moved to study and moved into a shared house, met people through my course and housemates.
What do you think Elon put in or on his car that he didn’t tell anyone about?|Probably a message to the aliens that he's tired of earth and wants to go home.
People who are hungry at the moment, what do you want to eat?|A big juicy burger but I'm a fat slob so I shouldn't
What is the best comedy that was made after 1992?|"* Mean Girls
* Royal Tenenbaums (or choose your favorite Wes Anderson, Grand Budapest being 2nd imo)
* Bridesmaids
* Superbad
* Meet the Parents
* Almost Famous * in no particular order"
What are some small ways you can get revenge on your coworkers?|Buy a cheap USB bluetooth mouse. Plug in the dongle on the back of their computer. Move the mouse in your pocket every once in a while just a little bit while they are working.
What are some places that humans know exist but have never entered/explored for whatever reasons?|The entire universe beyond Earth’s moon.
People with mental illness, what is the most abstract thought / feeling you assume no one else has had?|Seeing yourself from outside yourself?
What's the one thing you keep doing that you know you need to stop but can't?|Eating badly.
Artists, how can people get better at black and white pencil sketching?|Draw from reference photos and spend ungodly amounts of time on proportion precision. That’s what I did.
Redditors with names that could be used for the opposite sex, what is your favorite tale of confusion?|"My name is Kelly (I'm a guy), but I go by the slightly more masculine ""Casey"". Either way, I had a number of teachers and professors look for a girl to respond when taking attendance for the first time. One of them even insisted that I heard them wrong and they were talking about someone else. It gets even more confusing because my sister, Bobby, chooses to go by ""Kelly"" instead."
Roomba owners of Reddit - What did you name yours?|Goomba
What is your scariest take off or landing experience?|Was about to take off, but then the pilot said there was too much ice on the plane so we had to wait for another 30 minutes to get the plane de-iced. Not to bad, but it was my first time flying.
What are some simple tasks one could do during short bouts of inactivity (e.g., red light, elevator, slow traffic) that would add up to useful skills or prove beneficial otherwise?|Kegels if you’re a chick.
Why does Ross, the largest of the friends, simply not eat the other 5?|He's too busy chasing 9.
Who is/was your celebrity crush?|tSwizzle so she can write a song about our break up
As the Olympics approach, what two sports would you combine to create the ultimate sport?|Ping pong and the javelin.
What's a good line to use for your company voicemail?|Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plaugeis the wise?
What’s a fact you know that’ll impress someone?|You can see Sarah Hylands naked body any time you want
What’s your nickname at work and why?|Radar. Because I wear a brown beanie and glasses and it makes me look like Radar from Mash.
If an all knowing alien species visits earth and offers to answer any one of humanities questions, which should it be?|We would probably try to kill them before they even get a chance to tell us why they are here.
What tips do you have to lose weight fast?|dont eat you can live months without eating
Who's your favorite politician from the other side of the aisle, and why?|Lindsey Graham. Good wit, and one-liners.
Why is it ok to wear a swimsuit in public, but not underwear which shows the same amount of skin?|"Because people are fucking weird.
Just like male nipples are no problem but a female nipple freaks people out."
What is the funniest comment you have ever read on Reddit?|Sense of pride and accomplishment...
What are some of the most epic ways you have seen people quit their jobs?|In the mid 1980s a guy we knew was going to either get fired or quit friday, he pretty much knew it as well. On his way out he had a can of spray paint and wrote 'Viva Ayala' on the cubicle partition.  I guess that's one reason why security guards should walk people out.
What bandwagons have you hopped on before?|Sobriety. Many times. Dont do dope.
Men who send sexually aggressive messages to women you don’t know online, why, and has it ever worked?|Yeah. Bitches love it.
What was the most ridiculous assignment that you had to complete in college?|All of them
How do you deal with SAD during winter months?|Bright, natural light light bulbs. They're fairly cheap and really brighten the place.
What song always hits you in the feels?|Fade into you bt mazzy star always gets me.
Redditors, its time to start over. Someone comes to you to tell you your career is over, your industry is no longer an option, you'll be able to train in any other industry you like. What do you currently do, what would you change to, why?|I'd either be a secretary, because I love being someone's right-hand person, or I'd be a hypnotherapist because I like hypnotizing people.
People who dont want to be rich, why?|Because I don't need to be rich to buy all the things I care to buy. That said, I wouldn't be opposed to being rich, like if it fell in my lap or something, but to me it's just not worth the effort to pursue.
What makes a horror story, a horror story?|Horror
If the breakfast club were remade in todays day and age, what would be some of the teens we'd see?|Theyd just be on their phones the whole time op
People who have pooped in a secret place, it's time to come clean. Where did you do it?|"In my car after getting volcano tacos from Taco Bell.  About 1/4 mile from my house.  Couldn’t make it.  Also i was wearing shorts.  I parked the car in the front of my driveway, walked in the house holding my shorts pant-legs tight, went right into the shower.  Threw my clothes and towel in the sink in the basement, rinsed them then put them in the washing machine.
Nobody ever knew."
Cruise ship workers of Reddit, what's it like working on board?|Not a worker but I would be terrified of any and all diseases. Some dude coughs on me and it's time to get my affairs in order and my will updated.
What is something that is sad and hilarious at the same time?|Puppies failing at things
What is the most elaborate form of theft/fraud you've seen at your job?|A buddy of mine designed this software that shaved off fractions of a penny whenever a transaction was made.  It was pretty cool, but they put a decimal in the wrong place or something and ended up stealing a bunch of money.  Crazy motherfucker destroyed our copier, too.  Didn't matter though, because the building burned down a few days later.  Not sure what happened to him - I think he works in construction now.
Men of reddit, do you shave your armpits? Why or why not?|No. I don't shave any part of my body, because I'm a gorilla.
What is your hobby and what got you interested in it?|Hypnosis, it was sexy and I liked the idea of being mentally powerless. Now I can do it on others. So that is neat, I guess.
What is something that would be much more advanced by now if it wasn't for ______?|The world if it wasn't for greedy people.
What healthy food do you eat just because you like it?|Broccoli
Economics majors, do you have good jobs? If so, what do you do?|Good jobs? In this economy?
What is your proposal story?|Nothing special - we were driving in New Hampshire and she said something about the scenery been beautiful, and I said you are beautiful, and then I said we should get married.  She said yes.
"What are your most ""can-not-wait-for-it"" plans for this year?"|I'm gonna see Black Panther. Then, I'm going to see Avengers: Infinity War. Then, I'm going to see Deadpool 2. Then, I'm going to see Ant-Man and Wasp. Then, I'm going to see Venom. Then, I'm going to see X-Men: Dark Phoenix. It's gonna be a good year.
What type of people are you usually drawn to? And what type of people do you tend to attract?|People who make the first move in conversing. I'll be your best friend, keeper of all secrets. Everyone I meet will say how chill I am, I never talk shit so people trust me to tell them their shit about others. I therefore attract everyone and am friends with everyone, which can be problematic when other people don't get along and I have to play mediator.
What's the most clever way you've gotten out of trouble?|Took that shit to trial, and walked out a free man
What quote best describes your life?|"“Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans."" -John Lennon"
People with lifelong depression, how did you become successful and/or somewhat happy with your life?|"Honestly, medication. I'm sure there are some other, more involved answers about eating right and exercising. Those are great ways to help yourself and care for yourself, medication just seems to be the ""magic pill"" for me. (Pun intended)"
What’s a subreddit that you could spend all day scrolling through?|r/askreddit
What lie did your parents get you to believe?|The world revolves around me :)
People with foreign first names, how do you think its shaped your life?|Not much. You get used to people butchering your name.
How did you cope with the loss of a close animal?|One day at a time. It's been just over a year, but I still tear up when I think about it. Not as bad as I used to, but it hurts to think about.
What do you regard as ‘actual pain’?|I don’t know that it exists, necessarily. I think all pain is a state of mind that you can train yourself to not notice
How would you describe your ideal place to live?|Rainy and gloomy all the time
Redditors, whats the worst, or lowest paying job that you ever had?|Wimpy Bar
What is 10/10 game no one knows about?|Team buddies for ps1
Students of Reddit, what’s the longest you’ve ever procrastinated and why?|I had a project that I had half the semester to do (high school) I started 3 weeks after it was due
When did acting according to reason fail you?|Arguing with my dad.
People who grew up in divorced households, are you happy your parents separated?|Not really, its brought forth a lot of inconvenience in my life. But I dont know what it was like before they divorced because it happened when i was 2.  So i guess i could be wrong.
What is slowly becoming rarer and rarer?|Good music
What was your karmas a bitch moment that happened to you?|"At first I used to get really worked up when I used to see others .. ex friends.. people I don't even know... when they tried to copy whatever I did. I used to think ""why d fuck are u copying me don't u have ur own personality?""  But then I realised .. it's because quite honestly , they all wanted to be me. And now, I take it as a compliment ;D"
Redditors that have done a complete 180 in viewpoint on something, what caused you to change your outlook?|Being exposed to different points of view. It was not overnight either. It's something that took place over the span 3-4 years.
Guys who are losers, why don't you do something about it?|It's too comfortable. There's no pressure down here
Not Philadelphians. What’s your opinion on Philadelphia?|It’s always sunny in Philadelphia
What is the equivalent to Budweiser in your neck of the woods?|Budweiser
Are you satisfied with the job you currently have, and if not what would you want to do instead?|It's alright. Not like i know what i'm doing with my life anyways
Why don't people consider 4th, and 5th cousins family members and as important as 1st and 2nd cousins?|Because there's such little relation that it doesn't matter.  Plus in the South that'd be like 1,000 extended family lol.
What would you say is the most fetishized ethnicity of men?|Black men by a mile, especially with the inexplicable rise in popularity of cuckold porn. “Oh, my husband is inadequate, I’ll make him watch me with a black man!”
Redditors who have sex with at least five different people a week, what's it like?|I think you’re in the wrong place to ask that question
Cinema enthusiasts of Reddit, what are some big budget films that got scrapped?|There was a disastrous campaign to revive Superman in the 90s. Kevin Smith, Tim Burthon, Nic Cage, J. J. Abrams and other big names were all tied into it.
What’s a skill that you will lose if you don’t use it?|Guitar
People of Reddit, what do you do for Valentine's Day?|Sit alone at home.
Redditors, are you happy with your job? Or do you hate your job, and whats your wage?|I am indifferent about my job.  It is a stepping stone to something better. I am at 70k a year but it never feels like enough (#marriage)
What's the best slang term you know?|Fo shizzle ma nizzle
What was your biggest childhood fear that seems totally insignificant to you now as an adult?|Spontaneous combustion. No joke.
What can a teenager do to help prepare for their future?|"Save your money. and learn very quickly that you will be told ""no"" far more times than you will be told ""yes"" in your job/life. Take it as a learning experience"
Whats the worst experience you've had with a baby sitter either parent, kid, or sitter?|I had a babysitter who fell asleep when I was a kid and I ended up breaking 3 windows (I was trying to kill a bug with a baseball bat)
Which emojis pop up on your Frequently Used list?|🐮🔪
What (in)famous person are you or someone you know related to?|I just found out Albert DeSalvo, the Boston Strangler, was my boss's second cousin.
Flat Earth, Alien Visitation, etc... What are some ridiculous things which you used to believe in that you no longer do?|For me, when I was in my teens, I was pretty sure we had been visited by aliens.
What are the best, free games for Andriod?|I enjoy the game Alto. Quite beautiful and relaxing.
What is the most embarrassing thing your ex ever did since you’re not with em anymore?|gained 250 lbs. heh
What is your favourite answer?|42
What is the most expensive thing you have ever drank?|for most people, probably the last drink before their DUI....
What seemingly scary event in your life turned out to be not too bad?|Losing my job. I found one much better.
Which pyschological thriller has the best twist ending?|Primal Fear. Watch that shit.
"What's going to be the next ""Tide Pod Challenge""?"|"The ""cut off your arm and eat it"" challenge"
Who is the person you totally cannot work with?|people that bitch too much, or get too personal, creates a bad work environment.
People who spit roast: What are your pro tips for organizing a successful spit roast?|What kind of spit roast we talking?
When have you been ripped off the hardest?|paid $60 for 'until dawn'
Gamers of Reddit, how do you name the characters in your parties (random names, defaults, after friends/family, etc.)?|Vorta characters from Star Trek: Deep Space 9.
"What's your best ""I told You so"" moment ?"|Who is You? You have made it a proper noun. I told that person nothing.
What’s a 10/10 album that not many people know about?|The Maine - Lovely Little Lonely
What do you do to feel better when life isnt going your way?|I comment on Reddit
What's your funniest/weirdest/noteworthiest story involving raccoons?|Not kidding, this happened twice. I was with my girlfriend at the time and we found a nice spot to get a little frisky. I was travelling to the north peaks and I hear something behind me. Her mother was a prison guard and super protective. If I got caught I could have been casterated. I looked behind me and saw a f*cking raccoon watching us. It scurried off and she lost the mood, so we left. A month later we found a new area because people started to develop that area. We were doing the same thing, me travelling up and her down, and again, another rustle. I look up and I see another raccoon in a tree watching us. Again I almost shat myself because this place was much closer to her house. Ever since then I have a vendetta against raccoons.
"What are some good ""would you rather"" questions?"|Would you rather be eaten by a shark or gummed to death by a tank of toothless piranhas
What was the worst song you have ever heard?|"Any pop song 
 Pop fanboys incoming"
What is the best flavor of GT’s Kombucha?|Ass
Why do you think life makes people ultimately decided between careers and personal lives?|Because I cannot have everything and life wants you to set priorities. Sometimes by allowing you to set wrong priorities it makes you wiser.
Which kids show, book, or video game would you like to see get a gritty adult remake?|The Wiggles
What's the funniest physical injury you've seen?|"A friend of mine placed a 2x4 on a thick bush and decided he was going to get a running start and ""surf"" on it.  He did a little dance, yelled ""Here comes the Silver Surfer!"", ran and jumped.  Only one of his feet landed on the 2x4, which flipped it vertical.  It hit the ground, still vertical, and he landed on it crotch first.   Probably one of the funniest things I ever saw.  It actually narrowly missed his junk, but he had a giant, really dark bruise on his upper inner thigh.  He may have needed to go to the hospital if it hit even an inch to the right."
Who is clearly the first person that people will think of, when they come across their first name?|Themselves?
Elephants of Reddit, how do you feel about parades?|Im not as enthusiastic about it as the bulls are.
What was the time that you laughed hardest in your entire life and what caused it?|I forget but i remember my friend was so astonished that i had tears coming out of my eyes. I thought that was normal
What normal thing from your childhood did you find out wasn't normal after all?|my mom
What are some great naming opportunities for different things in life that were missed?|For example: I wish a group of squids was called a squad.
You are a super hero but you only activate your powers by increasingly criminal, when do you call it quits ?|Nice English. I can’t even understand what you’re asking.
Which do you think is worse, going to work early and leaving early or going to work late and leaving late?|ask your boss
Those who haven't been to prison, what was it like?|I dont know i havent been. My ass is untainted
What's some reasons a woman would feel insecure about having big breast?|difficult to get a bra to fit properly could lead to a sensation of insecurity?
Is your breath warmer than your farts? You can't see your farts when it's cold but you can see your breath?|What you see is water vapor.  There's more of it in your breath.
What line from a movie makes you laugh every time, even though the movie is known for another line?|https://youtu.be/jo11SqLmuGc That scene kills me every time.
What's the strangest thing you've caught someone doing in public?|Voluntarily picking up trash in a park.
If you could send a car to space, which one will you send and why?|a Reliant Robin. lol
What are some unique uses for a tablet that I don't often use (that aren't Frisbee or paperweight)?|PlayStation controller. Picture frame. Slip it under the leg of a wobbly table. Home defense club. Portable library. Large mp3 player. Large phone. Small TV.
Why do burps smell/taste weird when you're going to be sick?|r/explainlikeimfive is where this belongs
If you could be the best in the world in something,what would it be and why?|finding the dragon balls. free wishes every year
People who hate that one colleague, why do you hate them?|"Because she is selfish and two-faced, and instead of doing her work she always pretends to be super-boss.
Actually I don't always hate her, only when she behaves like that."
What's one question you hate being asked?|"""As a person of color, how do you view this issue?"" Yes, every person of color you know has the same belief system and experience. I am not the ambassador for Latino men."
Redditors who date people with opposing political views, how does it affect your relationships both negatively and positively?|As long as we are respectful and understand one another, it's not usually a problem.
What song has the best guitar rift?|Id go muse knights of cydonia.Or money for nothing
Hey reddit, how do you make friends?|B urself
Everyday you are given 1 million dollars, but you must spend it all by the end of the day or these payments stop. How would you spend the million dollars per day?|In whatever way I see fit, with the extra going to charity
What is an epic cat name?|Mr Jingles ? Idk lol
If we suspend judging for a sec, what do you want to brag about?|I have a piece of a crime scene in my room .
Who's the worst person you've ever sat beside at a game, concert, public transportation, etc?|A row of 10 frat boys at a college basketball game. They all looked identical to one another and snapped their fingers whenever one of them said something that (I can only assume) they deemed “savage”. My mind went numb 12 minutes into the first half.
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done in school?|In high school we used a bottle of hand sanitizer to light the back of the classroom on fire. Right after we started it the Principle walked it. I dont know if he didnt see it or didnt care.
People that have stuck to their New Year's resolution, how's that going?|I'm still alive!
In your group of friends, what defines you from rest?|I'm alone in my group of friends :')
What's a good first first date for a highschooler?|Movies, Denny’s, mini golf
What’s something better than YouTube?|Pornhub
What’s the weirdest encounter you’ve ever had with a stranger?|"Probably when I was sitting on a bench, waiting for the bus, an older man approached the bench, hit it with his foot and said:""I have forgotten everything! And I was so young!"" And then left."
What’s one thing about the person you love that you think you won’t find in anyone else?|My right hand knows all the correct moves to please me
What is the worst job you've ever had and why?|Busser at a chain restaurant. Quit after one shift. Too hard for little pay.
"What event separated your life into ""before"" and ""after""?"|Birth
What has been the best military parade of all time?|Probably when alexander the great came back after conquering the world.
"what are some things you can do with ""fuck you"" money?"|well, Im sure with enough of it. I could actually *fuck* you.
What are the best shortcuts, tips, tricks for Microsft Office, Google Docs, or other business related software that you know?|"**If you have a formula in Excel that you need to copy to every row in a set of data...** Enter the formula in the first cell. Hit Ctrl+Enter to enter the formula but stay in the same cell. Find the fill handle - the little black square in the bottom-right corner of the cell frame. Double-click it. It'll automatically fill the formula down the length of your data, until it encounters a break in the data. **If you have a large set of data you need to filter, calculate, etc, try this...** Make sure your data has a header row at the top; select any cell in the range. On the Home tab of the ribbon, go to ""Format as Table"". Select a format that looks good to you. Excel will automatically try to find the full data set; you can change it if you wish. Check the option ""My table has headers"", and hit OK. It'll create a data table for you. This isn't just formatting; it affects how Excel handles that set of data. If you need to put a formula into it, it'll automatically fill the formula down into all the cells of the table. When you add new data to the end, the table will expand automatically. If you need to use the data in a chart or pivottable, you can just tell it the name of the table, and it'll automatically include all cells in the table. Autofilters are automatically turned on. You can add a totals row to the bottom. Makes handling a large amount of data MUCH easier."
What life pro tip is extremely underrated?|Just be general nice to people and smile back. I know this sounds cheesy but it works.
How come women have way more leeway when it comes to publicly talking about someone's appearance?|Because in general, men's worth are not decided solely on appearance, while that is often the case for women.
If you could have any fictional animal as a pet, what would you have?|The thing from Black Cauldron, Gurgi
What are the best binge-worthy shows of the past 20 years?|The Office, Parks and Rec, Friends, Futurama, Simpsons (seasons 1 -12) Family Guy.
People of Reddit who bring dogs that aren't service dogs into grocery stores, why?|Was going to a park with my small tripod and wanted to grab a sandwich, banana, and drink for lunch. Had the dog in a dog stroller. Was inside 5 minutes tops.
Within the Super Secret Organization of Secrets being formed right now, which rank are you seeking and what qualifies you to be that position?|I can’t tell you. It’s a secret.
What's your story of getting with someone you shouldn't have?|There was this girl one year jounger than me, and she was kinda slutty. Horny me ain't realizing she isn't worth the trouble still goes for it. Had plenty o' sexy time one weekend and the next weekend she tells me she kissed two guys at the same evening, turns out I made her slutty in the first place due to me fucking her until she couldn't walk properly.
What technology, currently in development or not highly adopted, will be integrated into our daily lives in the next 10 years?|VR
What is the easiest world record to break?|Records are subjective as you can just add one thing to it and suddenly its a new catagory.  World record for eating hotdogs? I cant break that.  World record for eating hot dogs NAKED? yeah thst I can do
What is the craziest thing you have eaten?|I didn't ingest it but I found a dried out baby lizard in my unopened box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Never bought that shit again. I poured the cereal in the bowl and I was lucky to have seen it before I ate it.
What was the most embarassing thing that happened in your life?|Got pantsed in front of all the girls in my year when I was 17. Happened so quickly it took me a long few seconds to realise I was two bollocks to the breeze
What song gets you motivated?|"You Know My Name-Chris Cornell.
This song was made for Casino Royale and now that he’s passed it makes the song even better."
If you were determined to break someone out of prison how would you do it?|get a million likes on facebook petitioning my release. There is NO WAY they could keep me in after that!
People who beat someone up in school, why did you do it?|We disagreed about something or other and decided a fight was the best way to resolve our grievances.
What's the coolest/most unique last name you've ever heard?|Guiltfrei pronounced like guilt-free.
Optimists or Reddit, what thought process do you go through or what do you tell yourself when things are not going too well?|"Well it can't get worse 
*gets worse*
Well NOW it can't get worse"
Favourite song lyric at the moment? Why?|I feel like I'm the worst so I always act like I'm the best. It just describes me pretty well tbh
Which celebrity/public figure would you want to bring back from the dead?|Robin Williams
What does your diet consist of?|"I'm newly vegetarian, so mainly veggies for dinner, or pasta, pizza,  soups, quesadillas, rice with beans or daal/lentils.  For breakfast it's always hard for me so maybe I'll get some ideas from this post, but I normally do cereal or a slice of bread with cheese (smoked Gouda) & tomatoes, or goat cream cheese with avacado and tomatoes (sometimes I throw some sprouts on there if I have them). The last two I also add some spices like basil, oregano or some pepper. 
I also really enjoy blintzes with frozen berries...soooooo good.  Lunch is always a toss up too. Really depends on my mood, but I’ll have leftovers or whatever I’m craving - cucumber/avocado sushi rolls, burritos, Mac and cheese, quesadillas, a sandwich (usually not as often because I like consistency of meat in it, so I use the soy alternatives from Morning Star - bless their souls - and it takes a while to make). I get all my groceries mainly from trader joes.  Edit: Punctuation"
What's your favorite really long song?|Alice's Restaurant
Married people of Reddit, what percentage of the time are you happy?|75%
Do the headsets that employees who work at fast food restaurants wear put them at risk for brain cancer since they're wearing them for long periods of time?|that sounds like a sick research idea for a masters or something
Atheists of Reddit what do you do during that awkward moment when everybody's praying or saying grace?|Stand quietly.
Lebron James or Dwyane Wade? Who's better IN THEIR PRIMES?|LeBron easily. C'mon now.
What is the most Final Destination way, that you or a friend, almost ended up dying?|Guess, I will kick this one off. When I was still in Middle School I would ride home on my bicycle. This particular bicycle lane had a bus lane right next to it, with no railing or anything next to it. As a kid I absolutely hated having to tie my shoelaces. So, I wore these sick kicks with velcro instead of shoelaces. When I finally got new shoes (with laces), I sucked at tying them. They'd get loose every 5 minutes or so. Anyway, school's out. I jump on my bike and start going home. Everything is going all right, until I noticed that I couldn't move the pedals anymore. I quickly look down and see that my shoelaces have become completely stuck in the pedals and gears next to them.  I somehow end up losing my balance and fall to the side... right into the bus lane. I look up (still a little dazed) and notice that my head and torso are right in the path of a bus heading for me. I tried to get away, but my legs were underneath my bicycle with my laces still attached to the pedals. The bus was speeding a little and was already pretty close. Somehow, the busdriver doesn't notice me and just keeps driving. I panick and try to get away, but can't move the bike or take of my shoes. Kind of accepting my fate, I just lay there, until some guy rushes over and pulls me of the road. If he had been any slower and if the busdriver still somehow didn't notice me laying there, I would probably be dead now. Ended up thanking my saviour and tossing my new shoes. TLDR; Almost got beheaded by a bus, because I suck at tying my shoelaces (still do)
People that actually had the flu, what was your experience like?|Shitty. Literally.
You get to take one of the following with you on an epic adventure: Han Solo, Jason Bourne, Bob Ross, any James Bond, Ethan Hunt, Frank Marlin, Bryan Mills, Tyler Durden, Indiana Jones, Chuck Norris, Morpheus, or Aragorn. Who do you choose and why?|Morpheus and Bob Ross, we are going on a mental adventure!
What is the greatest sports moment you've witnessed in person?|real madrid vs barcelona where messi scored the winning goal with seconds on the clock.
What flavor will you die never having tasted?|Dick skin.
Former Hot-Cheeto eaters from reddit, what helped you prevent yourself from eating them ever again?|Burning B-Holes
Sexy people of Reddit, what's the best thing you've done after a breakup?|paid a hooker to watch me cry in the corner of the shower
You're a burglar, but instead of stealing things, you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What is your crime?|Move all their furniture a few inches to the left, so they feel just a bit off.
Where can you find thrown away metal or sports equipment?|There's a place around my hometown called Play It Again Sports that sells used sports equipment
People outside of America, How Were You Educated About Drugs? Were/are There Programs Like D.A.R.E. In Europe and Other Countries?|"> In Europe and other countries
You make it sound as if Europe is a country... Anyway, I’m Dutch and I have never had any education on drugs."
What’s something that is easier done than said?|I mean anything involved with bureaucracy for sure. If the paperwork went faster or if there was none at all things could be done immediately in probably every single sector its present in.
How long does a pregnancy blood test take to come back?|Usually get the results the same day. Shouldn't take longer than a few hours, they're only looking for elevated progesterone levels.
If You Could Write A Letter To Your Teenage-self What Would You Say?|Do your homework
What and/or who does Reddit love to hate?|4chan
What are some misconceptions about current or upcoming technological developments?|When a drug or a treatment is announced that shows good signs of curing a disease, IF it is successful in human trials, you still won't actually see it available for years. Red tape and testing take a long time.
What food is overrated?|Fast
What movie or tv show actually portrays a realistic glimpse into real life in your country?|The US version of The Office was pretty realistic in the first couple of seasons I've had a few bosses like Michael and known people like most of the others too
Hey Reddit; what’s it to you?|Love,  hate,  art,  sex.
People who push/kick the seat in front of you repeatedly, why do you do this?|I was completely asleep, on a flight from SFO to PHX.  I don't even know when I collapsed, but I definitely didn't settle in like normal.  I think I was out before we even took off.  At the end of the flight the dude in front of me gave me a bunch of shit for kicking his seat the whole flight.  It took me a minute to realize that it was the end of the flight and we were already heading to the gate.
If the Men in Black erased every movie from your memory forever besides 1, what movie would you wish to keep?|Probably Avatar the Last Airbender because I want to remember how shit it was and to never waste my time on it again.  Living through all the great movies again and not knowing what is going to happen would be amazing
What nosleep/letsnotmeet post creeped you out the most?|Creepypasta is more my style. The no end house got me good
What is something that is viewed as harmless or comical to most, but terrifying to you?|Button eyes scare me way more than they should
Dear Reddit What is the Perfect Age to Die?|69
What are some unique things to do for a bachelor/stag party?|Amstedam! Get him shit-faced and take him to the section with the transexual women. Give him 200 Euros and turn him loose. Saw this happen once. Too funny!
Of your heroes, who WOULDN'T you want to meet and why?|I wouldn't want to meet George Washington, especially not with my wife.  His manliness would definitely make me look like a pansy by comparison.
Is it possible to learn to feel sympathy toward others when it goes against your nature? Why,why not?|If you felt anything, it would probably be more empathy rather that sympathy. You would understand how they were feeling but wouldn’t agree with it.
What's the worst case of TMI that you've experienced?|It started with latex underpants...
You're a burglar, but instead of stealing things you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What are your crimes?|Hide car keys
What is the best to get visibily when you want to start your own entreprise ?|Correct spelling is a good start. :P
People of Reddit, if product names were as straight forward as “walkie talkies” what would be the names of devices?|Toilets would be shitty sitties.
What will be your deathbed confession?|I'm not on my deathbed, so why should I tell you? That ruins the whole point
What makes a college degree useless?|Severe brain damage.
What’s the funniest joke you’ve ever heard?|Someone told me normal people don't go to bed at 12:30 every night
What is something that is both true and not talked about publicly because of its negative implications?|Hit the gym
Guys of Reddit, how do you last longer during sex?|Only watch bits of it.
What's the weirdest bot on reddit?|Not weirdest but a cool one, haiku bot
Potheads of Reddit, what's your favorite online headshop?|Smoketower.com, I highly recommend.
What ice-cream flavor is absolutely disgusting?|Pralines and dick.
What's one thing you wish you had never learned/found out about?|Unit 731
Ex-Trump supporters of Reddit, what made you stop supporting Trump?|crickets
What is a strange, weird fact you know?|Mickey Mouse was originally going to be named Mortimer mouse but Walt Disney's wife got him to change it
What will your parents never understand?|What d'you mean you can't pause online games?
What’s your signature dish to bring to a potluck?|Buffalo Chicken Dip
What discontinued fast food menu item do you want back?|My roommate hates that Wendy's stopped selling spicy chicken nuggets
Redditors, where were you on 9/11?|I was living at a friend’s house, relaxing before I had to go into work. I couldn’t believe my eyes as I watched the television. I tried to call out of work, I felt paralyzed by grief. My boss wouldn’t hear it. Still had to work that night.
Football fans (Soccer to Americans), what are your honest thoughts about American Football?|Like every none American, I don't understand the name since they use hands. It also looks pretty violent and from what I keep reading and hearing, it keeps getting associated with rape accusations. Baseball seems nicer.
Is there something you don't agree with but you don't mind when others do it?|I really really want to have children one day but I think that people who say they don't and won't, are very responsible and I respect the fact that they don't experiment with a child's life when they know they don't want it.
What would be considered the “highlight” of your life?|Successfully framing a black man dating a white girl for cheating on another black woman.
What's the best beer in your local region?|Borderlands prickly pear wheat
What is your opinion on students/professionals using stimulants such as Adderall or Ritalin for a supposed performance boost?|Not sustainable long term by any means, not worth the legal or health risks. Just study or do your job.
What was a time that your parents chewed someone out in your defense ?|When I was suspended for cheating however I categorically denied it and I made a 62 on the test and I supposedly cheated off a girl who made a 103. My parents chewed administration out and ended up pulling me from the school
People who can't take a joke, what is your mentality/logic?|Im the only one in the world that is right
Gym goers of Reddit, what’s the most awkward, cringe-worthy thing that’s happened to you in the gym locker room?|I work at a gym. Older members tend to hold conversations while blow drying their balls
What's it like dating a therapist or a doctor?|She keeps telling me somethings wrong with me but i tell her no! Somethings wrong with you! ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ
What (in your opinion) is the dumbest thing someone has called you selfish for? Why did they think it was selfish and/or why do you not think it is selfish?|I didn't want to share my success Why the fuck should I , I did it on me own fucktards!!!!
What was the craziest rumor that ever floated around your school, that looking back on it probably wasn't true but at the time everyone believed it?|went to high school mid 2000's.  our incoming freshman class was the first to include school of choice so we had a lot of people of color come in.  COINCIDENTALLY it was also the first year that our school decided to hire security guards and install a whole bunch of high cost security measures. then they made us go to an assembly to tell us how they all thought we were little pieces of shit and that if we stepped out of line, we'd pay heavy consequences. all the fear mongering made us believe we were all going to grow up into criminals or get shot before we graduated. adults are huge pieces of shit some times.
What is the weirdest coincidence that you've ever experienced?|Just as the condom broke I realised that this was going to be the most expensive sex of my life
What is the worst scam you have been involved with?|Student loans
What's the craziest thing you've done for money?|"I convinced a guy to not get circumcised. I had posted on Craigslist's M4F with some stats, and a guy reached out to me asking if I'd be willing to talk to him about being uncut, and he'd send me $350 since the surgery would cost a lot more, and he'd rather save the money. Obviously I was skeptical about the money, but I was willing to at least talk. He said he was on the fence about getting the surgery, but wanted to know what women's reactions are to being uncut, and how it's affected me positively and negatively. I sent him a few links to Penn and Teller's Bullshit episode about it, the Adam Ruins Everything episode about it, and an ""intactivism"" video, and then he asked what my email address for Google Wallet was, and a few hours later, I had $350 in my account. I just wanted the story, but the money made it even better. I never heard from him again."
What happens to your info when a gas station scans your license?|When has a gas station scanned your license? I've never even heard of that happening before.
What was your least favorite gift you've received last year?|A screwdriver with a flashlight in it
Fast food workers of Reddit, why are the ice cream machines almost permanently broken ??|If you don't fix it, you don't have to use it.
What is a good hobby that is easy to start with?|Any kind of exercise
If you could go back in time to one point of your life and relive it again, what would you go back to see?|Those tig ol bitties
What is the most heroic thing you have ever witnessed in your life?|Someone pooped on someone else's head and it was funny
For what reason would you get a driving ticket from?|Citations would include moving violation (speed, lane position, crossing the center divide, running stop signs/lights, driving in the shoulder, etc.) &  parking violations.
What smells good, but tastes bad?|Coffee. Yes it's true, I *hate* coffee. But I *love* the smell of it.
What are somethings that people can do to help those with anxiety, personality disorders, and/or depression?|I'm told telling them to get over it is not actually helpful.
What is the most vexing hypothetical question?|*If your house was on fire and you could only save one person, who would you choose?* in regards to who's more important (which child, which partner, which sibling, etc)
What's the dumbest lyric you've ever noticed on the radio?|Mmm bop. Made me momentarily wish I was deaf.
Whats on your bucket list?|I want to see a concert at Red Rocks and view the Northern Lights before I shuffle off.
What won’t exist in 10 years time?|Hopefully my virginity But who knows
What is something from the past 8 years that will surely be in schools’ history textbooks?|Memes
If you were the opposite gender, (at birth) what would your name have been?|Chris
Besides 'Are we alone in space?', which other simple yes/no question would leave you amazed given either result?|Will we learn to live in peace with each other?
Redditors who live in little-known countries or places, where do you live?|"Milford, Ohio
I mean, you may know us as the place that Markiplier grew up at."
What idiom would be ridiculous if taken literally?|Lend me your ears
What's a creative hobby that's easy to get into?|Sketching and drawing.  Get a pencil and drawing paper and just start.
Millenials, (18-35) What would you want to be the title for your generation?|"""Kill Us All with Fire"""
Why do humans insist on trying to make sense?|Because for most, the alternative is a deep abyss of terror they do not wish to suffer.
What's an underrated documentary everyone should see ?|Jurassic Park
Redditors with jobs, what was the stupidest reason you took time off from your job?|It was raining
What are the best PR disasters on Reddit?|Many posts in /r/AMADisasters, the most famous example is probably the Woody Harrison AMA.
You are face to face with your best friend and the clone of your best friend, what question do you ask to find out who’s the real best friend?|Which girl made us nearly cock brothers?
If you time travel to the past, what's the best financial investment you could make?|Apple
What made you happy today?|So far nothing. But i'm going to get food in an hourish :D
If you had a Mr. Meeseeks, what task would you ask it to fulfill ?|Mr Meeseeks, I need you to learn to enjoy existing indefinitely, not just endure it... but actually enjoy it.
What's your most embarrassing injury?|Fucked up rotator cuff.../r/discgolf. Ohh hey /u/stumpdawg how'd you fuck up your shoulder? Uhh, I was frolfing.
Why is the Swedish Chef on Sesame Street NOT considered offensive?|Because he's white
whats your favourite book you do not want to put down?|THE GREAT GATSBY
What's a 10/10 album released during the last decade?|To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar
What are some of the things your worst roommates have ever done?|He kepts faces in jars and kept in his closet.
Telephone customer service employees, what is the worst experience you've had with an angry customer?|"They wanted me to transfer them to someone who was unavailable so I put them through to their voicemail. Customer calls back and says ""BITCH DO YOUR JoBBB"" :)"
For those blessed with 20/20 vision, what is it like to wake up and just be able to see things? Does it even cross your mind?|I don't think about it often. But it is crazy how almost everyone I know needs contacts or glasses.
What is actually, “the best of both worlds”?|Bisexuality
Readers of Reddit, what books have you read/are reading this year?|I just started watching Altered Carbon on Netflix and found out it’s based on a book so I started reading that.
What is your purpose in life?|Skip class eat ass
Redditers with crazy nicknames, how did you get your nickname?|It was my characters name in world of Warcraft. Friends overheard me being called that, the character got a cult of personality built up around it, and eventually that got transferred to me. The name is really nerdy too but I love it.
Who is your role model?|Elon Musk
Redditors who have worked multiple jobs, which one would you say was your best experience with your old co-workers?|The two years I worked at Chili's in college was a blast. Everyone was around my age, fun, and loved to party.
Whats a time when you laughed when shouldnt have?|my brother was temporarily cross eyed after a nasty fall onto some  marble floor. I couldn't stop laughing when i saw him
Which movie has the most beautiful aesthetics?|Teeth
What is your favorite simple dinner?|mac and cheese
What are things you like that the majority of Reddit seems to hate?|Spending time with (my) children
Men of Reddit : What are some subtle hints that your significant other puts out to let you know they're DTF?|Oh, when you're in a relationship, you don't rely on subtle hints for sex. They kind of just straight up tell you they want to fuck.  Or at least that's what my girlfriend does.  That's the beauty of relationships; no more games.
What questions should never be asked?|**Can you use my made up gender pronouns?**
What is your parallel universe self doing right now?|Probably being hard working and successful because that’s something I’ll never be
Redditors who settled and got married, Why did you do it? And how did it turn out?|I believed I was in love it ended in divorce
What is the best 80s film?|Breakfast Club holds up very well today.
Employers and managers who had to fire their best employee - what happened?|"This fucking bitch in customer service that was a rude asshole to everyone in the company, complained that my employee was rude to her on the phone. He may have been, slightly, as she was a righteous cunt.  
The guy was by far my best employee. Showed up every day, early, kicked ass, and stayed later or did whatever was needed. He did what was asked of him, and did more based on what he thought was the right thing, without being asked.  
I listened back to the conversation, she said ""ARE YOU GUYS GOING TO GET A TECHNICIAN TO THIS CUSTOMER OR NOT??!!! HE'S YELLING AT ME WANTING TO KNOW!"" 
He said, calmly: ""Well, Glenda, we are trying our best, but we are up against a pretty tall order of service tickets, and more keep coming in demanding same day service that you are writing up, so I can't say for sure if we're going to make it on time or not. I will call him and update as soon as I know"".  
She complained. The owner demanded we fire him. Owner never liked the guy because of the way he looked. Ratty haired metal guy. But he wore the uniform as required. He followed dress code. He kicked ass at his job. Boss hated him, found a reason to get rid of him. Made me do it. I refused. So my boss did it and I got written up.  
The name of that employee that got him fired? I said it in the quote, dummies. It's Glenda. That is her real name.  
That employee's name that got fired? Tom Brady. Just kidding about that last part.  Anyway the whole thing fucking sucked. I gave that bitch every amount of shit I could until I left that job. The end."
What's the best thing to come out of the internet naming something other than boaty mcboat face?|The death of /r/thanksobama
What would make you stop using Reddit on a daily basis?|A similar website that wasn't so preachy and done away with upvotes
People who call a banana a bananer, why do you do it?|"A better question is ""People who call banana a bananer, why did your parents mislead you in your path of lfie?"""
Who was the worst teacher you ever encountered in school, and why?|"I had an English teacher that was really big on promoting feminism. We read some short story about a woman going through her closet and remembering different times of her life based on the clothes in it. Like there was a leather bikers jacket because she used to be a biker. And so on. Then we had to write an essay about whether or not the story was supposed to represent all women. My girlfriend at the time's answer was ""this story doesn't represent me, so therefore it doesn't represent all women. Q. E. D.  The teacher said she was wrong."
What would you do with the rest of your day if you got fired at noon?|Go to a bar and spend the rest of my money
Okay, let’s do this. What’s your favourite documentary?|Exit Through the Gift Shop
You tripped over your stomach. What are your thoughts?|I shouldn't leave it laying around on the floor.
When did all of your friends give up on you?|First grade
Who is the best U.S. President of the last 50 years and why?|JFK
What are you never going to try because you know it’ll end bad?|Heroin
Serious: People of Reddit, how do you turn an image sideways?|When I upload an image to Reddit, it gets turned 90 degrees. Everything else - my computer, my browser, etc. don't have this problem. It just happens when I click upload image when creating a new post. What am I missing?
Who found love after feeling too broken/jaded to do so?|Meg Ryan
What life-hack(s) have you tried but you just couldn't hack it?|"<Insert all ""eating healthy life hacks"" here>"
What is a subreddit that should be renamed, why?|r/chelseafc should be renamed r/rentboys
What’s the most ridiculous lie you’ve ever successfully passed off as true?|"""sure, i've programmed before."" 6 years later, here i am as a programmer."
What are some stories about mysterious reddit users?|I showed someone my peepee and they said 'niceee' (✿◠‿◠)
What are the laws in the US regarding using the mobile phone when driving?|In Washington State it is strictly verboten.  Great way to attract LEO's attention if you need it though.
If you were Elon Musk and could pick something to send to Mars instead of Starman, what would it be and why?|Donald Trump, for obvious reasons
What are your favorite Mystery novels and/or series?|Boxcar Children. Easy to read.
Couples who know Valentine's day is utter B.S., what will you do with the money you don't spend on it this year?|Everything is BS if you're cynical enough
What have you changed your mind about as you got older?|My political stance has changed multiple times
People who have overcome any type of addiction: How did you do it?|I quit smoking cigs when I sat down and did the math about how much money I was spending weekly, monthly, annually and since I had started. It was so much money. I quit cold turkey that day. That was 9 years ago.
Why do spam/phishing/spoofing emails have so many typos/grammatical mistakes in them?|To weed out the people smart enough to realize it's a scam.
What are the unwritten rules of the internet?|I'm now allowed to write them
What’s something big you walked away from in the hopes of something better?|I was making good money right out of college. But I was also in a relationship with a girl for 4 years and had plans to marry her. I took a 20k pay cut to switch companies and relocate to a new state. We aren't together anymore.
Drivers who turn of their signal AS they’re switching lanes. Why?|Because I'm a shitty human being in every sense of the words.
What things have you agreed to because you couldn't hear the other person and just agreed with what they said?|Apparently I agreed to anal which sounds great! Then she bent me over
What is your best and deserved revenge story?|A kid tried to beat me up with 14 other kids. I was approx 14 yrs old. After a few hits, I was able to run away. Why? Local gang youngsters being tough. the thing is. I am 32 now and at 14, I already had 8 years experience at martial arts and had a brown belt in the martial art I practise. Then, the leader transferred to my school, in my class. We had boxing during gym class. I knocked his ass out. He called his friends to wait for me after class. I knocked his ass out again in front of his gang. Without gloves. I am a third degree black belt with four titles now.
What,as humans,are we all guilty of doing?|Being bad at considering information contradictory to our own point of view.
When was the worst moment you suddenly had to poop?|Driving 60mph on the highway
Shy students of reddit, how did you overcome presentations?|Do subjects that don't involve them
What alcohol doesn’t taste like pee or pool water and is actually decent?|Almost all alcohol
What is something that you've discovered recently that has changed your life for the better?|The gym.
What place on Earth would you never go to, even if you were bribed?|North Korea, Middle East (certain parts), Antarctica.
What will be the giving woman the vote of our century?|Sentient A.I. will get rights.
People of Reddit, what is your pet peeve?|People that play music in public without headphones
What do you have in common with Hitler?|I actually had my ex in my phone as Eva Braun
What's your scariest ouija board story?|I was playing with a hot grill once and a spooky ghost was moving the thing from the letters S to E and as it was approaching X, she got up and left :(
Current trump supporters, if the stock market crashes, would you still support trump? Why or why not?|The market is crashing as a natural reaction to last year's daily raid growth which has almost never happened. The economy is at a place it's never been before and to stop inflation naturally it goes down on it's own. That being said, there is little a president can do that affects the economy, but they are either blamed or praised for it......THAT being said....MAGA
What song did you absolutely love when you first heard it, only to hate the same song after hearing it too many times?|Blurred Lines.  I thought it was hip and funky, definitely something different than was on commercial radio at the time.   Then it got overplayed.  Massively overplayed.  To the point where I once heard it on five different Sirius stations at the same time.  I can't stand it now.
"Teachers of Reddit: What can us students do to avoid becoming ""that"" student?"|Just don't be rude. Can laugh at most behaviours but some people are just obnoxious for the sake of it..
What was the most disappointing sequel to a successful video game?|Lately every iteration of Madden.
Who is your favorite comedian?|Doug Stanhope is my most recent favorite.
Reddit, what’s your pet’s name?|"Only pet i ever had was a Golden Retriever named Cancy.       
She was a good girl."
What have you seen that nobody else has?|my pee pee
People of Reddit, what is the most extreme thing you have eaten?|I did a shot of ghost pepper hot sauce for $35
Women, do you make assumptions/judge guys based on what car they drive, and if so, how?|I do. If they drive an excessively expensive car for no reason (like a giant truck when they aren't hauling anything, or a car that's valued for its ability to drive at speeds they can't legally drive at), I assume they are a bit of a self-absorbed ass who is obsessed with what others think of them.  It's like the male equivalent of a woman carrying fancy designer purses that cost hundreds of dollars or more and do the same job as my ten dollar purse from the thrift shop.
What is your catchphrase?|Sorry for the disappointment
What product can you market using a better slogan than its current one?|"Now: ""Got Milks?"" New: ""Got Spunk?"""
If pain is just a state of mind, how can one control it?|physical pain or mental pain?
What was your worst experience/story with the American school system?|Hearing the teachers plight. Watched the district office staff go to state conferences where the states spends a lot of money on shit we never see in the classroom.  The CTA is a plantation owner and is in cahoots with administrators to keep teachers silent in fear for their jobs.  Most of the education I got was in the industry, not in school.  Lets support the teachers going up against the bureaucracy.
What group in society needs a hug the most?|Trump supporters
What’s you’re best work perks?|casual day errrday
What was a scam you fell for?|Adulthood.
"What are some ""If you didn't wake up with drool on your pillow, did you really have a nap"" statements?"|If you didn't wake up with her drool on your chest.... do you really know about sex
Why do anything at all?|You're 14, aren't you.
Other than Trump, what celebrities have bad comb overs or hairpieces?|"Steven seagal and john travolta, the two kings of ""I swear to god I'm not balding""."
Ice Bucket Challenge, Mannequin Challenge, Tide Pod Challenge....what's next?|The Boiling Water Bucket Challenge.
How many of you are homeless right now, and what do you need to get out of it?|I am homeless. Occasionally my wife event lets me back in the house.
What was your most epic video game moment?|I was over 100% damage on smash Bros four, me and my siblings were playing 6 player and I was Ike. I charged up an upward smash and hit four of them out of the screen and immediately strong attacked the fifth, after they all respawned they all went after me, but I survived the rest of the match
What is the weirdest thing people act like hipsters over?|Their favorite hot sauce. Like, fuck.
What kind of person were you back in school?|Which school
What did you forget to do today?|how the hell should i know?
Imagine a close friend had an accident and lost all of his memory. He can only walk, eat and learn. What are the Top 3 things you would teach him?|How to fap and how to swear... That's all he needs
What was the worst time you have farted when you should'nt?|I was and high school and we had just had a student die unexpectedly. I was a good close friend of hers so I was sitting in the front of the church at the funeral. I then proceeded to somehow rip the loudest grossest smelling fart known to mankind
What do you think the general consensus was with regards to The Last Jedi?|Polarizing. People either loved it or hated it. And can't understand why the other side feels the way they do.
Couples of Reddit, Valentine's day is coming up! Does your significant other value this holiday? If so, what do you have planned?|"My SO appreciates humour and would feel left out if i got her nothing. I've ordered a card that says ""Roses are red, youre as mad as a hatter, splatter my face, with your Willy batter"" 
I'm a male. A heterosexual male."
"What's your ""I always had X problem until I did Y"" story?"|I know that this will not work for many other people, but I was really unhappy with my life until I started eating well. Like actually feeding myself food that was good for me. It really altered my mood and outlook on life in general.
What do you think Android OS after Z will be called?|∞
"Everybody knows what their ""type"" is - the kind of person they're attracted to. But what kind of person are you the type for? What kind of person always seems to like you?"|Actually a big reason that many relationships fail is that people DON'T know what their type they'd actually be compatible with is. I'm a kind and laid back type. I tend to attract women who are very outspoken and assertive because of it.
If you could find out the answer to one question, what would it be?|Reason of life...
What musical “legend” can you just not get into?|The Beatles...Sorry
What's your method of eating ice cream?|Fork
What are some great career paths that tend to be overlooked by college students?|Medical/hospital technology jobs
Whats the hardest thing about getting older?|High school girls stay the same age.
Stand-up comics, what is that lifestyle really like, and what should new comics expect going in?|My wife used to do stand up. You have to have very thick skin, especially at the beginning because YOU WILL get heckled. Rehearse your material and have back up material if your set starts to go south. She still has a lot of friends in the scene and they love it but they're pretty much all broke.
In case anyone hasn’t seemed to care recently, how have you been feeling lately?|meh
Porn experts of Reddit, what's the best porn site that's not Pornhub?|pornmd.com it's like google but for porn. Try it.
reddit, which album do you think has the best opening track?|Nevermind - Nirvana
What's something you just can't get over that you've done?|I was unbelievably lazy when studying before university, I regret wasting so much time. At least now I’ve learned from it... still not perfect though.
What is a simple online game that can easily pass hours?|Fortnite
Reddit, what is your preferred method of disposal for an emotional support hamster?|Eat it. If i'm going to be so much of a monster as to throw away a living thing after using it for emotional support, I might as well go full monster and honor it by letting it become the energy that fuels my body.
NSFW What's the weirdest place you've ever masturbated in?|Class
What personality trait did you learn from your parents but don't like it?|An addictive personality. Both parents are drug addicts. I can't even take pain medication without feeling like I need it forever.
What's, in your opinion, the best thing you've created?|My daughter. So far. I mean she is still really new. So as she gets older we will see if that opinion stays the same. But I think it will.
If you switch 2 letters in the name of a food (hot dog = dot hog) what would be the best result?|Clam chowder
Reddit, what's the best home remedy to get ride of a cold?|Pop some zinc and vitamin C tablets, and hydrate like crazy.
Which popular superhero has the lamest powers?|Mr. Fantastic
What are some good games to play in a party, that aren't boardgames?|soggy biscuit
If you had to figure out someone's favorite color without asking them or anyone they knew, how would you do it?|Look at their wardrobe.
What movie or TV show did you enjoy at first, but got worse after you saw it a few times?|Falling Skies.
What book is extremely short, yet an excellent read?|The Great Gatsby
If you could fall in love with your s/o again, what would you do different?|This may be super gay, but I wouldn't change anything.
What was the best vacation experience of your life?|staying in my room sleeping
What happened in school that you technically should have gotten in trouble for?|I was in a summer class where we kept newspaper clippings as study materials.  (Current World Events.)  Complete BS.  (I took credits during the summer mostly so I could load up on electives during the year.) We were allowed to have scissors, but not for self-defense.  (Not sure how they'd enforce the distinction.)  I had a snap-blade razor that was over the allowed blade-length, but I guess they didn't say anything because clearly I was using it to efficiently cut apart newspapers.
Donald Trump is the first twitter-obsessed president, so who would be the best candidate for a reddit-obsessed president?|Musk man
What's a story you'll tell your grandchildren?|So far I only have stories that I would never tell my grandchildren
Redditors who love your job, what do you do?|Negotiate research and development agreements. Feeds my OCD and my addiction to problem-solving.
What is your dream home where you could live out the rest of your life?|A ranch house by a lake
If you were sent to England 200 years ago while keeping your current knowledge, what is the most advanced thing you could make in your lifetime?|I can make the country fall apart
If you were chosen to win 3 million dollars, but you had to live and survive in a deserted island for 3 months and you can only take 3 items with you. would you do it? and what would you take with you?|3 months food rations, a water purifier/desalinator, and a hammock.
What TV show or film series do you find hard to watch because of continuity errors/plot holes?|Dragon Ball Super & Star Wars.
What will be the next space related milestone?|Elon Musk making a rocket car and sending HIMSELF into space, taking a selfie with Starman
what keeps you going throughout the day?|My 6 month old daughter.
Redditors of Reddit, when was your gut feeling ever wrong?|When I learned that my girlfriend was my 3rd cousin.
If you could only retry one month of your life, which month of which year would you choose and how would it play out more in your favor?|Any month in mid 2000s there are some stocks I’d buy
What's the biggest thing you'd steal if you could do it as easily as internet piracy?|A small lone of a million dollars.
What pokemon have cloacae?|Psyduck & Golduck.
What's something on your bucket list that's no longer possible to do?|hang out with Charles Manson
Whats the most mind-fucking concept/theory you have heard about?|The universe is expanding, but what is it expanding into?
what’s your biggest secret?|Ok... fbi man
If you got grades in life, what would the subjects be and what would your report card for 2017 look like?|Socialicing: b-
What is the single most horrible content on the internet you've seen/heard?|Gorechan that is some fucked up shit
What's the most obvious lie that you've ever told, heard, or read?|Your life is a lie.   We'll see if myne is real.
Reddit, who actually didn’t do it even though everyone thinks they did?|"Well, it's not something she did necessarily, but so many people seem uninformed about the ""coffee is hot"" lawsuit. The woman suffered 2nd and 3rd degree burns because mcds kept their coffee way too hot, and then wouldn't pay her medical expenses (that's all she wanted originally) Yet I STILL hear people make comments about ""frivolous"" lawsuits specifically mentioning ""duh, coffee is hot""."
What are some of the most hilarious/sly curse phrases or insults you've heard?|Mr. Rogers would be disappointed in what you've become.
We know all about the unsung heroes of our world. What are some unsung villains?|I nominate the dreaded spatula.
What’s something your SO does during sex that you find cute?|Giggles when you mess up the position. It makes me laugh too, it’s kinda adorable.
Which TV shows with proper finales are worth binge watching?|Breaking Bad
What place would you recommend for Honey Moon?|Cambodia
What is your favorite city to visit around the world and why?|Shanghai. It feels super modern like NYC or Chicago and also it's in China. Love me some China.
No comments, only updoot the reply with your height listed. What is the highest place you’ve been?|5’2
Where do stereotypically cocaine users hang out?|Rich people parties
What song have you not been able to get out of your head?|So I put my  hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
Why is it called a blowjob?|because you blow down their pee hole r-right?
What is your wierd passtime/hobby?|I go to stores and buy shit on clearance then resell on Ebay or CL.
Whats the worst way to announce a pregnancy?|Right after a keg stand.
What's your go-to petty revenge?|Signing up their email for all the spam in the world hehehe but i really have only done this once..
According to you, What is the purpose of life?|There is none. Do whatever.
What is the best chorus of all time?|so i put  my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
What are some good TV shows or documentaries about the medieval era?|Finding Nemo
What's your most ingenious fictional conman strategy?|Nice try.
Reddit, how long would you wait before going on a vacation with your new s/o?|3 mo
What movie is a must see, despite its' rankings on IMDB/Rotten Tomatoes?|Kung Fury.. because dinosaurs, ninjas, Nazi bad guys, and Hackerman
Who did you put down as your reference for your first job?|Successful family that have different last names than me  First jobs typically don't ask references about you anyway, if you were wondering
People who have had fake blood poured on their fur coats, what was the aftermath?|Sometimes it's time to buy a new fur coat.
Satanists of Reddit, what drew you into satanism and how does it affect your day to day life if at all?|I'm a non-practicing satanist. It doesn't really effect my day-to-day life that much. I just don't like all of the rules.
Of all the movies in the Marvel universe, which one is your favorite and why?|The MCU?  The first Iron Man film. Captain America the Winter Soldier is second.  The Tobey Maguire Spider-Man film is my favourite. Yeah yeah it’s got it’s weak points but i love it :) I think I love it purely because of nostalgia though to be honest.
People who make fake dating profiles, why?|Aren't we all fake on our legitimate dating profiles anyway?
People who don't have interesting stories about yourselves, what's a good story you've overheard somebody else tell?|Pharmacist was frantically talking about the guy who asked her to see an infection on his willy. Apparently he actually had an infection on his willy.
Gamers who are also in relationships. How did you get your SO into the gaming life?|It's nearly impossible unless they already have some interest in gaming
People of reddit that don't like ice cream, why?|I don’t like ice cream... it’s melty and irritating and gets everywhere.
Guitarists of Reddit, what's some of your favorite gear?|Schecter, Fender, ESP, Marshall, BOSS and Dunlop are all companies I have huge faith in and will stick by.
What's the most iconic voice of 21st century America?|Siri?
Where are people more likely to get abused?|In their own home by someone they know.
What’s the most creative way to tell people to go fuck themselves?|bless your heart
Women of reddit what is the most unusual but awesome valentines gift you have received?|I don't know if this counts since it was a couple's gift, but an ex and I went halfsies on a Lego Millenium Falcon and spent Valentine's night building it and watching Star Wars. I've always been a fan of bigger purchases that can be shared for Valentine's and that was too good of an option to pass up since I had wanted to build that for years. As poor college kids, we couldn't get the super intricate version, but we still felt super cool being able to sit back and look at the final product.
What Is Something People Think Is Healthy But It Is Really Not?|Organic
What’s a deeply unsettling fact?|The Universe is so large, that light is too slow for us to see how far it extends.
Why is Reddit adding unnecessary features (like followers) to their site?|ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ
If you could shoot anything into space, what would it be?|dildos
What is the most pro-troll you have witnessed?|Coconuts...
Have you ever created an intricate crop circle in a corn field in the middle of the night? What was your motive?|I'd do this on my trip through the Midwest this spring but there won't be any crops, I'd feel horrible about ruining someone's crop (farmers don't make much), also I don't want to get in trouble.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be and what would you do for a living?|Canadian Dope Farmer is my dream occupation/nationality.
What causes us to feel to so much joy when interacting with animals?|they’re so adorable and sweet!!
How does Han Solo not believe in The Force when there was an intergalactic war with dozens/hundreds of Jedi 20 years earlier?|Fake News
What running/inside jokes do you have with your friends/family/co-workers?|You wouldn't get it
Former and current engineers of reddit, why are you always right?|We aren't, in fact we are constantly trying to prove ourselves wrong. If we can't, we ask others to help us prove ourselves wrong.  If no one can prove us wrong, we hope we are right... but still might not be.
If you could make your own magical sword what would it look like and what would it do?|It would be a halo energy sword and it can detect whether someone is a Karma whore.
Whats the worst thing you have seen a teacher do?|My PE teacher had an affair with a 14 year old at the school. He had two kids :/
What do you think will catch fire in a couple years like Bitcoin did in 2017? Preferably something profitable?|aka: tell me what to invest in so i can be rich
"Reddit What is Your, ""You Won't believe this but..."" story?"|I'm probably depressed, but I don't care to be as vocal about it like majority of users on Reddit.
What is the best country to visit that you think no one knows about?|Tasmania. I was surprised when people thought it wasnt a real place after Ive told them.
What would be the ideal date for you?|Real
What are some songs that you love so much, you never listen to them out of fear of becoming bored of them ?|Life's too short for that but I see where you're coming from
What AskReddit questions deserve more attention?|Not this one
"What phrase is better when ""but not sexually"" is added?"|I want to hold you down and penetrate your skull with my rod, but not sexually
What's the worst thing you accidentally ate?|I ate mashed potato thinking it was bread once, I can't even describe the shock and disappointment
If you are transported 100 years back in time which invention would you re-invent?|The daft punk or Megaman X characters
What does your significant other do that you find completely adorkable?|When we are playing games she would do everything in her power to throw me off just to win at mario kart. One time I pretended to play and she still tried to stop me until she realized it was her friend playing.
You're stuck underground on a crowded train. Your smartphone dies. No book or other entertaining gadget to stare at and occupy your mind. There's nothing to look at but the walls, other people, or you can close your eyes the whole time. How do you cope?|I would start a riot.
Are you often targeted as a shoplifter? What seems to make Loss Control focus on you?|They stopped my friend everytime. He is black in a predominant white and asian only community. He was only visiting me.
What's your celebrity sex story?|I got it on with Aunt Peg from porn fame one time after karaoke one night.
When did you give up on a friend?|When she laughed in my face about having sex with a dude I dated for one week two weeks prior whom I dumped cause he kissed a friend. Emphasis on the one week. In grade 9. She needed help and was wasting my time.
What is something which is worthless to everyone else, but not to you?|Myself :(
What's a missing person case that you strongly think that the person missing is still alive?|That plane hijacking where it was he first time w person was never caught.
"How do you ""kill"" your time in public transport?"|Podcasts usually, but if not that then i'll preload some news articles on my phone to read so it uses no data.
What is something everyone should try at least once in their life?|Living somewhere you don't speak the language.
What are your current favorite beers?|Labatt Blue, Two Hearted, Bean Flicker, Soft Parade.
Entry level people of IT(help desk support)...how is it?|I want to do IT for a career but I need more experience so i was planning on starting with help desk it support...remote or non remote..how do you feel doing it and which one do you do
if like in scott pilgrim, you should beat someone's exs in order to become partners, which celebrity would be the toughest ?|I guess Silena Gomez because I'll have to answer to mad Bieber fans and Weeknd fans.
What is your recurring nightmare?|Various scenarios of my teeth falling out. Even more frightening to me, considering my parents make dentures.
What game should everyone try at least once?|Sid Meyer's Civilization
If you were asked to write mean fortune cookies (misfortune cookies in this case), what would you write?|Does this nerve gas smell weird to you?
What US President would you like to get a beer with?|Teddy Roosevelt
What something you see at 3 in the afternoon that would be totally creepy at 3 in the morning?|kids playing in the street
Why do Americans write (MM/DD/YY) when most other countries write (DD/MM/YY)?|because, MERICA
"Guys of Reddit, what non ""masculine"" things\hobbies do you keep hidden/do?"|I like to have bubble baths occasionally.
What crazy new winter Olympic event would you like to see?|I'd like to see them rev up the biathlon.  Instead of cross country skiing and shooting, it should be ski jumping and shooting.  And you have to take your shot in flight.
What would it take for you to hope or pray for someone's death?|Not much
What are some practical ways to become more conscious and appreciative of all of the good in our daily lives?|to just be still
People of reddit who enjoy weed: What is the craziest thing you've eaten while high?|yo momma's pussy
Hey Reddit, what name brand products are actually worth buying over the generic?|Milk. Organic Valley Grassmilk.  Paper towels - anything but the store brands. They're so thin  Toilet Paper - Angel soft
What word or phrase did you recently have to explain to someone that you thought should have known what it meant by now?|“Eastern Europe”. My friend thought it meant Asia.
To those who do not use the night mode on the Reddit app, how and why?|Didn’t know there was one
Do you guys fart in public when there’s people around? Why or why not?|One does not simply answer such a question. There are many factors to take into account: who am i with? is it going to be loud? how bad will it smell? how long until i am on my own? etc
What technique NEVER fails?|Be goodlooking. Don't be bad looking.
What's one thing you never want to experience?|Internet outage
What videogame would you show to someone from the past to completely blow their mind?|How far in the past? I think if we're assuming mid-80's (what I'd imagine to be the most interesting reactions) I'd do something like **No Man's Sky**. I want to see them react to a technological marvel that's completely and utterly boring and see how long it holds their attention.
How do you want to die?|In my sleep.
What is the biggest mistake you've made at work?|I didn't know what tilapia was
What Do-It-Yourself skill saves a ton of money and can be learned almost completely online for free?|Almost anything can be learned online for free if you stay dedicated. Your question depends on what you want to save money on.
What broke your heart the most?|Burying my mom.
What genuinely confuses you about YOUR life?|How I survived this long
Okay Reddit, we know what the dumbest thing you've been in trouble for is. Now what is the craziest thing you've got away with in school?|aw man, I can't wait to read these response dude bro! It's gonna be crazy my man!
What’s your worst (or best) black out drunk story?|I don't remember.
How do you deal with death?|You don't. It deals with you.
If you could hear every conversation that has ever been about you, would you? Why or why not?|Only the good ones on playback to get me through tough days.  Wouldn't that be a good use of Santa's ~~workshop~~ Datacenter?  We've reached a crux in society where we could use this immense technology for good.   TPTB would prefer wonton insurance profiteering.
Anxious people of Reddit, what are you anxious about and why?|About appearing anxious.  And pretty much anything else irrational that you can name.
People who know someone who became famous or extremely popular, how did they change?|I grew up with Jimmy Fallon. He's older than me, but he's the exact same as I remember.
Birthdays are shortened into Birth Hours. What's different now you have only an hour to celebrate?|Nothing really, just slightly less time crying whilst wanking and praying for my inevitable death
What is most likely to make the human race go extinct?|losing the qualities that make us human.
NSFW why is it called a blowjob if no blowing actually occurs?|You poor sheltered person.
What 3 animals would you bring on Noah's Space Ark?|3 attractive human females.
What do you consider to be the perfect film and why?|No country for old men. The movie creates a intense feeling of dread and anxiety with just silence and it was amazing.
What are your biggest goals for your life? What progress have you made in attaining them?|I want to make something of myself, not very specific I know. I’m yet to decide on where to specialise. Typical making parents proud and proving myself to the doubtful.  I also want to travel a little bit.
We all have dreams & goals - What will YOU do today to be one day closer to achieving them?|I'll start going to the gym again (tomorrow, as it's 11PM here).
What is your very subtle way of flirting?|It depends on how loose your relationship is. What am I saying? Just ask her out if you talk to each other.
What is the best snack to have around the house at all times?|Popcorn
Have you ever met someone who truly believed the world was going to end soon? If so, what did they think was going to happen and when?|"My mother for the year 2000.  She honestly thought that the changing of the calendar would result in some sort of crazy nuclear war that instant because.... 2000. She hoarded money and food and prayed and was legit worried and borderline tears. I did what any loving son would do.  I kept teasing her about her absurdity and didnt take her seriously. I called her on Jan 1st, 2000 and asked if we were dead.... and if we were if I could borrow some of her stock pile gallon water. Her response:  ""Shut up"". She passed a few years after that.   I miss her but this memory made me smile.   Thanks!"
What are you most in danger of believing if you let go of your rationality?|Anything
People who have kissed complete and total strangers, how'd it happen?|Alcohol
People who have cancelled weddings, what happened?|"Not me, but new a friend and her husband. Who got over emotional for the wedding and decorations, ended up in a huge fight. 
Ended up braking it off, but two months after the date of the wedding. They got back together and threw a budget wedding."
What are some good interesting apple apps that aren’t games?|Curiosity has a lot of interesting articles and they post new ones everyday. I personally have really learned a lot from it.
what book needs to be made into a movie?|Harry Potter
What is the best $100 you've ever spent on a single item?|Wii U console from a drunk wanting store credit at my shop. $100 retail, the wholesale value was under $30. Love that Mario Maker game.
What’s the most damage you’ve caused in terms of money value ?|wrecked my car at 18 and went into a tree, a light post and a building. That did quite some damage.
What statistic of your life would you like to know?|How many ants I've killed
What’s something interesting going on in your life right now that you’ve been dying to share with others?|I've recently started a new degree course in system/network administration and I'm just so proud of how well I'm doing and how much I love what I'm learning. I've taken a very indirect route to finding a career path I'm happy with so it's a very little thing but a big deal to me.
What is the best place to work as a teenager?|Car wash.
What do you secretly judge people for?|overweight people at fast food places
What are your favourite dance/trance songs from the 90's?|You can never go wrong with sasha or digweed
Which TV show could you not watch past the first episode?|Stranger Things. I was just... bored. Too little of anything.
Whether she's right or wrong, how do you handle 'SO arguments' to make sure your lady walks away happy?|"""You're right dear."""
What is your grossest habit?|Chew-Spitting, hands down.
If you have a super power, but every time you use it, you permanently lose a part of your body. What would it be?|The power to regrow any part of my body... Checkmate.
[NSFW] To anyone who has worked somewhere in the adult film industry, what surprised you the most about it?|They still do foley and ADR on adult films. Some of what you’re hearing is probably some intern making those sounds in post.
Which relatively unknown subreddit deserves more attention?|/r/nonononoyes
Sleepy cubicle workers of Reddit - how do you stay awake and alert at the office?|I usually put my hood over my face and doze off
What was the most awkward text you sent to the wrong person?|dick pics to my cousin but i guess it's alright since she's seen it before
What lie did you tell your parents that they still believe is the truth?|‘No mom, I never masturbate. It isn’t christian’
What is the best/worst therapy session you've had and why?|"Worst therapy session. Attended with one of my abusive guardians. Therapist was her friend. I had to lay, at around 12 years of age, in her arms like a baby while the therapist played some song like ""sweet child of mine"". For the whole song. She was crying the whole time, pressing me against her boobs, and her tears were going all down my face into my nose.  
I hate them both."
Professors and TAs of Reddit, what’s the strangest encounter you’ve had with a student during office hours?|Not fap material but... One time I had a student meet me to discuss his low grade. He said he thought he had been doing good work and wanted to know why he had a C. He seemed genuinely surprised when I explained to him that he had only attended every about every other day, and 6 of your 18 assignments missing is a pretty good way to get a C. The weirdest part, was that his work genuinely was good. Like, he knew what he was doing. He attended the rest of the classes and got a B. I'm pretty sure he knew we met twice a week, since he wasn't consistent on the days he missed. I guess he just didn't realize he was skipping so much. Weird.
Is it a problem if you want to murder for orgasms? Why or why not?|Nah. No problem at all...
What would a male Oprah be like?|Harpo
What did say that you absolutely did not mean?|“I’ll be your therapist.” I wanted to show comfort and compassion, let her know I’m always here if she needs someone to talk to. She was offended by me insinuating that she might need a therapist.
Ladies of Reddit, what are the best ways to help deal with cramps?|Make a deal with Krampus
What's your favourite game glitch?|Item Duping in Oblivion
What is one issue you will absolutely stand your ground over and risk displeasing your woman?|I'm not doing the valentines day bullshit.
What’s something you bought cheap and regretted it?|A flight in Spirit Airlines.
What was the 'Incels' subreddit like?|"I'll sum it up ""Blah blah blah, the problems I have created for myself are everyone else's fault, someone reward me with sex""."
At what age does sliding around sideways in your vehicle in the snow become no fun?|The age when you become responsible for the possible monetary costs should you slide into another car/a person/etc
What movie has the worst ending?|Mother
"To The Asexual Romantics of Reddit, Would You Say It's Difficult to Explain what an ""Asexual Romantic"" is?"|I imagine it's like a sexual romantic, but with low/no libido.
What is one of your biggest fears, but to someone else would be nothing?|I'm highly claustrophobic.
What’s your favorite song from a genre you don’t really care for?|Flobots - Handlebars I'm not a bit RAP/hip hop person.
What is the tide pod challenge equivalent for the baby boomer generation?|Jumping on a unexploded landmine?
What’s the best name you heard of ?|Jackmerius Tacktheritrix.
What is the worst thing you have seen happen in a public library?|Someone reading a gender studies book
What were your favourite scenes from F.R.I.E.N.D.S show?|The one where Rachel and Joey finally kiss!
"What're some nicknames for ""Storm/Stormi""?"|Stormin Normin
Women of Reddit, what's one thing that a man should never do in bed?|eat toast...crumbs fucking everywhere (dude here btw)
What dialect to you type in when commenting online?|Royal British, unfortunately.
What do you purposely order on your food so you won't have to share with your spouse/partner?|Mustard lol
What are the most fun sports/activities to get a work out?|wanking, or if circumstances allow, sex
People of Reddit, what are your best jokes?|My chances of having a successful life.
If you were a billionaire, what object would you have launched into space?|Miley Cyrus' butt plug
Why is your mother disappointed in you?|Didn't do well academically.
What could be the side effects of a ginger cumin cinnamon lemon salt drink? Is it safe to drink everyday?|You become a hipster, grow a beard and become vegan
How many questions can someone post on chegg with their membership?|11
How do you convince your partner that you need a pool table in your apartment?|How the hell big is your apartment that you can have a pool table?
What's the argument FOR allowing lobbyists?|Lobbying is the most basic foundation of our form of governance.  anytime you call, write, email or text your representative about an issue, you are a lobbyist.  the suffragettes were lobbyists.  the civil rights marchers were lobbyists.  the Same Sex marriage supporters were lobbyists.   our entire system of government cannot function without lobbyists.
"What would ""The Fresh Prince of Dubai"" be like?"|"In West Arab Emirates born and raised.  
On the sand dunes, was how I spent most of my days."
If hypothetically my friend had a couple billion dollars, what fun things should he do with it?|Give some to me
A zombie outbreak has just occurred, what’s your plan of action ?|Get the nearest gun and shoot myself.
What is some things a friend can do to make your birthday special or memorable?|Bj
Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un, the greatest gift to mankind from the heavens, suddenly awards you the prestigious Order of Kim Il Sung award, most notable award in the world. What have you done to deserve this honor?|Put a Rowntrees fruit pastille in my mouth without chewing it
What is the worst bus driver you have ever seen?|I was on a bus in Israel. The inter city busses are more like coach busses in Israel. I was seated in the back, and on the head rest of the seat was a slip cover. It kept sliding around and was uncomfortable so I removed it and placed it on the seat beside me. At the next stop the driver got up, walked to the back of the bus and started yelling at me for removing his cover.
What do you like to do when you travel?|Eat all the food from the country or region I am visiting
What was the worst thing you have ever said to someone?|When was the last time you took a shower? Cause damn girl, I can smell that yeast infection from over here!
What was your favorite interaction with a scammer over the phone?|only had one experience and i straight up told the guy to fuck off
Who would win in a fight: Batman vs Daredevil?|Batman
What bands have you all found where bass guitar plays lead?|Tool
What's the best performance / sports car under 30k?|"Settle for a V6 or buy used.   I don't think you can make a blanket statement because it depends on what you want.   I own a V6 Charger and am super happy with it.   If I had more money, I'd stay in the Charger but buy a better engine.    I would like a Mustang with a stick shift as a ""for fun"" car"
Have you ever been cock blocked/pussy swatted. What happened?|It's clam jammed.
Why do some water glasses smell like wet dog?|? Do you have a bunch of dog hair in your dishwasher or something?
How do you take your coffee?|With an IV drop
What are some good ways to start a conversation with a stranger sitting next to you on a plane?|I fly a lot for work.  Please don't.
What is something you like to think about when you are alone?|How I can self-improve.
When did you realize that school was pointless?|It wasn't pointless, it was just... inefficient.
People who are in love with their jobs, what is your profession?|Previously a Machine Learning engineer, now working on Artificial General Intelligence. Love my work because it almost at some moments feels like playing the role of God.
"What's your best ""this is real life, not a rom-com"" dating story?"|I don't get the girl I just go home and cry
What do you do only home because you know it would annoy people in public?|shitpost, occasionally
If you suddenly had to poop during your commute home where would you stop?|Id be too shy and try to hold it tbh.
Truckers of Reddit, who take 15 min to pass another truck on the highway while you're both doing 61 miles per hour and blocking all the lanes behind you, why do you?|Maybe they want to wave hi?
If you suddenly had a stone-age human, who you could fully communicate with, what kind of technology would you show them first?|Reddit
What topics do you have to most fun discussing?|Equalization of the balances of justice, fairness, human rights, and gardening.  Musicology.  Biological energetics.
What bad movie has a great premise?|Batman vs. Superman
What is a mostly useless but fun skill to have?|Being able to wiggle your ears
What are some good excuses for getting off work?|if i need time off i just take it. if you work for a place that wont allow you and requires some explanation like a nagging wife, then quit and find a job where they treat you like an adult. same with bathroom breaks, and eating. i dont abuse it and i dont ask permission. if your work will not let you take bathroom breaks when you want to, they are not treating you like an adult, you need to quit and find a job that does.
How satisfied are you with your job?|10 out of 10. (Firefighter)
What comments have you received walking down the street?|"""*Can you spare any change*"""
What were the worst/best things about living in the 50s-90s?|Best thing. No Trump. Worst thing. Wars and no Internet
What do you hate about group chats?|Having people in the chat that arent in your contacts
What is a behavior society rewards, but really shouldn't?|Greed. Not saying it's not a human feature but there's nothing about it that deserves praise or reward.
What very common thing is becoming outdated?|Common decency  Mutual respect
Non-Americans of Reddit, why would I NOT want to move to your country?|We are all assholes. We do have a unicorn as the national animal doe
What did you beg for as a child only to be disappointed once you got it?|A sip of my dad’s beer
People of Reddit who have had one night stands: What is it like? Is it worth it or fun?|It depends on the girl, usually pretty awesome. Make sure you use protection though.
What’s the craziest thing about the leap in technology we’ve seen in the past century?|Computers. They went from being the size of a classroom to something we can hold in our hands.
What do you find charming and why?|Silence and rain, I don't think it even needs an explanation.
Who is the perfect example of just because you go to college, that doesn't make you smart?|The NFL
Aside from Earth, what interesting fact do you know about any of the other planets?|Mars is named after a chocolate bar.
What should be made for dinner tonight?|Obviously steak and mashed potatoes!
How do YOU make chores more enjoyable?|Listen to podcasts or music while doing them
What did you do today to live life on the edge?|Stood past the yellow line on a metro bus.
Commuters of Reddit, what do you do on your commute?|Listen to music, audiobooks, cant read books on the road it makes me feel sick.
What’s not as good as it used to be?|AAA Video Games
What’s the stupidest thing you did or believed as a child?|That several is another way of saying seven.
What TV shows get worse/better as the seasons progress?|Prison break gets worse
What is that bad thing that you know is coming up in your life but you don't want to think about it?|There's that whole death thing I like to not think about
What great thing happened to you today?|I passed my mid term.
How did you find out that seemingly innocent person was actually freak?|Was studying with a girl in her dorm and she promptly stripped naked and started doing yoga for me to watch.  1980s tho.
Redditors that names their kids after their ex-wife/girlfriend? Especially after you broke up. What made you decide that?|Thats somewhat creepy.. i guess it could be poignant in some contexts but meh..
"What is the argument FOR allowing lobbyists to make ""donations"" to a politicians campaign?"|There ain't no law against me taking my earned money that I earned as a company owner and donating it my politician of my choice to support him. So as any person getting thousands of dollars what else could they do but to thank me, take time to talk to me to find out why I supported him and if he happens to be swayed not by my word but by my money that is not my problem. You voted for him too and accepted him into position.
Who needs a hug today?|...idk if I need one. But personally id like one. Oh and the guy currently in orbit riding a tesla. Poor dude, its cold up there
What does everyone think is good for you, but in reality causes a lot of damage?|Working at a job that makes a lot of money but you hate the job.
Redditors of Reddit, why do you Reddit?|Boredom at work is like 80% of it.
What's the saddest thing you have done?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What painfully embarrassing mistakes have you made at work?|I was a lab manager at Sun Micro for Network Storage Development.  One day I fucked up and powered off a test machine that was next to a machine I was going to maintenance.  I felt like shit and mostly embarresed to myself.  I rebooted it and knew the test engineer so I went and told him.  He was cool about it.  I told my (good) manager in case any flak came his way. I didn't want the test engineer to chase anything false he didn't have to troubleshooting-wise.
How do you prepare psychologically for the loss of a close relative?|Tbh, you dont. Try spend as much time with them as you can but either way the loss will be horrific.
How do you like to get rid of stress/anger?|It eventually washes over me when I'm done bitching.
What are some great video games to play while just kicking back and listening to music?|"Stardew valley
XCOM
Any of the Metroid games (except other m)
Overwatch In general any game if you've played it enough that it feels natural to play or a game that you've got an attachment to. I've been playing dark souls since it first came out and now I instead of playing it for the lore or PvP I just like to boot it up and listen to music while I level my characters up or make a new build. It's just like picking up a book you've read over and over. It just adds to the experience."
What is the most unique penis you've ever seen?|Your mothers
"What is ""the"" dream job?"|Inheritance
What would you change about the internet?|More Porn.
What album would you play if you were in Elon Musk's car right now?|Starboy (The Weeknd), Revolution Radio (Green Day), or Badlands (Halsey)
What completely random thing terrified the shit out of you as a kid?|the baby sun face in Teletubbies
What looks gross, but tastes amazing?|Your mom
Parents who have adopted, how did it turn out for you?|My in laws are adopting their first child as we speak. Just curious about other people's transition, did the birth mom give any trouble after the adoption? Was yours open? How did that go? Just nervous/excited for them but scared, too. Edited to add: The baby is seven months old. What can I do, as the aunt, to show support? How do I behave the first time around him? What kind of gift will be appreciated/appropriate?
What is the most objectively terrible song on the internet?|Gucci gang
What movie is just as good as the book?|The Lord of the Rings trilogy
IT people of Reddit. Why is it the first thing many do when interviewed or hired for a job is insult the last IT person's work?|Most people in IT develope their own way of doing things, and all the other ways are stupid.
Women want a big cock. What do men want?|A big booty hoe!
What is the strangest item/thing you have brought home after a night out?|My wife.
People who pay for porn: why?|Quality titties
What a subtle (but seriously awful) thing one can do to another that can seriously damage them?|I think it is best we do not give you ideas. LOL
You are suddenly experiencing an orgasm, right now. How does it affects you?|That'll definitely make work more interesting
What word were you pronouncing wrong in your head for your entire life, until you heard someone else say that word out loud?|Silhouette... For some reason I thought it was pronounced still-house.
What events at work make you want to flip a table?|People demanding sales forecasts be accurate to within 3 percent or your commissions will be docked.   The first thing we know about all forecasts is: They're wrong.  You should penalize me for being right - it means I'm manipulating the numbers.
A resolution response will be the action to whoever answer this question: What skill(s) you wish you are good at?|A what?
What is the greatest shitpost in the history of Reddit?|The one you dont make
How long have you lived at your home address?|14 years
If you could be reborn 250 years in the future what would you hope the world would be like?|Anime
Hitler Dies Right Before One of His Biggest Speeches. You're Put Into His Place. What Do You Tell the Thousands of Nazi Soldiers?|Communism is gooooood. Nazism is baaaaaad. Then I play Soviet March from Red Alert
As the Olympics approach, you are given the task to combine different sports to create the ultimate sport. What sport do you come up with?|Freestyle biathlon, but with two teams.  Basically it would be skiiers doing radical tricks in order to score points while simultaneously killing members of the other team with precision accuracy in order to gain additional points.
What horror movie would you not mind being stuck in?|It Follows. There's no way anyone would want to fuck me, so I'm safe from the entity.
Somebody sent me money on PayPal last night and i don’t not have a credit or debit card on there but i was wondering how long will it take to get my payment?|Get a Pay Pal CC or debit card
What's something you saw/noticed for the first time, then all of a sudden started seeing it everywhere?|When we learned in school about actively listening to people, she said that almost everyone doesn't listen to understand, but listens to respond and cut off each other, when i suddenly started noticing it was true
Why were you kicked out of a casino?|I offered them a deal they can't refu-
Shy bladders of Reddit, what lengths do you take to avoid an occupied bathroom?|Nearly peeing myself. Not happened yet thohgh
Who is clearly the first person that people will think of, when they come across a specific first name?|Adolf.
What movie could be made better with the addition of a deaf actor/character?|The Room
INFPs who've been in a relationship, did it make you happy or was it underwhelming?|refresh my memory on Meyer's Briggs - What is the N? I was required to take that at work, and I got INTJ.  In college, I had to take it as part of a class, and I'm pretty sure I was an INFP at that time.  But I can't remember what the N is all about.  Now that I think about it, the only ones I'm really sure about is the Introvert and Extrovert - F has something to do with feelings, T - is thinking ughh, refresh my memory.
What's the scariest thing you've seen while driving?|A giant bucket flying off a work vehicle. I had to swerve to the right and it got stuck under the person behind me’s car. Dumbass work vehicle owner had no idea. Secure your shit people or don’t have an exposed bed(this is the back of a pickup)
Why is life worth living?|Because is better than being dead
What is the answer to the question you get asked most often?|I'm fine thank you, how are you?
What is your biggest regret from your teen years?|Being a teenager. If I could have just skipped that part of my life I'd be ok with that.
[NSFW] Men who have let their wives sleep with other men, what happened? Any regrets?|this is what you look for op r/wifesharing
What is the worst case of bad parenting you've ever seen?|Me
Do you regret attending university? If so, what would you have done instead?|No, but I do wish I had stuck to my plan of attending a trade school before college instead of after.
What are my options after my leased car was totaled in a hit and run accident?|Did you accept the comprehensive insurance on your rental? If so, you're probably OK If you denied it, you're more boned. Hopefully you have comprehensive coverage on your regular car insurance. Otherwise, you're *really* boned.
How would your friends describe you?|I dont have friends
If you were sent to England 200 years ago while keeping your current knowledge, what is the most advanced thing you could make in your lifetime?|Ass pounder 5000
What is a quick easy dish to cook?|Roast Chicken and Vegetables: Step one: Magic Sauce * Buy some fresh Sage, Rosemary, and Thyme. * Cut it up fine and fill up a mason jar about 1/3 of the way with the herbs. * Fill the jar with olive oil. (This will preserve the herbs). * This mix lasts about 6 months. Step Two: Prep Vegetables * Cut your vegetables and place them in the pan. (I use a glass thing with a lid, but a bread pan will work if you have tinfoil to cover it). * You want enough vegetables so that there is space for air to circulate. * I use carrots, brocolli, a quarter onion, and brussel sprouts. Pick whatever you want to roast. Red potatoes work well. * Add 1-2 teaspoons of magic sauce and stir into the vegetables. Step Three: Add Chicken * You want a very specific cut of chicken for this recipe: Chicken Breast, Skin on, Bone on. You want this because a) it's cheap and b) it works better for roasting. * Peel up the top layer of skin (but don't detach it). * Rub some of the magic sauce under the skin. * Rub some of the magic sauce on top of the skin. Step Four: Cook * Place the roasting pan in the oven at 430F. Cook for 30 minutes. * After 30 minutes, lower the temperature to 370F and put a lid on the pan (use tinfoil if you don't have a lid). Cook for 30 minutes. * After 30 minutes, take the off, turn off the oven, and let the dish sit for a few minutes (so some of the moisture can evaporate). And there you go. Once you have the magic sauce in the jar you can prep the meal in about 10 minutes (7 if you chop fast), and it cooks in one dish (less cleaning!).
What are some universal rules to get better at something?|Fail it till you Nail it - Neebs Gaming
"What was your ""I'm going to tell for laughing at this"" moment?"|When I laugh at Bill Burr jokes
Men of reddit, why do you unbuckle your pants when using the urinal?|So I can use the urinal without pissing all over myself
What act of common courtesy did you witness today?|My friend was going to the store and she asked me if I needed anything. I appreciate that.
What is the worst thing you've caught a stranger doing?|I've seen lots of strangers pull the ol scratch and sniff with their privates
Reddit what is your worst unhygienic experience you've had with someone?|After my uncle got divorced he stayed for a week at our house and my mom did his and ours laundry. Anyway i ended up wearing my uncles (washed )underware and my pair got into his basket. I realized too late and decided not to think too much about it otherwise i'd be even more grossed out.
If you could choose to do anything you want after you die, what would you do?|Become an omnipotent being.
What's harder to get, Reddit Gold or a 10,000 upvote post on Reddit?|You can give yourself gold, can't give yourself 10,000 upvotes I've gotten 24k upvotes on a post and have gotten gold one time in my 4 years on reddit
You get to max out any of your skills, which skill do you chose ?|Charisma
Car salesmen of Reddit, what's some advice a potential buyer to get the best possible deal on a new car?|Get your financing arranged before you even step foot in a dealership
Why do you or do you not like valentine's day?|Dislike: It is a made up holiday to force people into buying overpriced  chocolate, flowers, teddy bears, and cards.  Love: Grabbing a cart full of 75% off chocolate and candy in the week following valentines day.
it's crazy how much porn is now incest porn, so the demand must be huge, so my question is why do you sickos want to have sex with your family?|From what I hear, it's not about sex with your own family, it's the idea of other people having sex with their family
What acronyms are a must to know in the reddit community?|J O L L Y   R A N C H E R
What is the best news you have ever had to tell someone?|I told my fiance in Europe that I bought a plane ticket to come see her.  She was happy, which made me happy
Which meme should make a comeback?|Doge
Hey Reddit, how do you break in the socially awkward new coworker and help her fit in with the team?|Alcohol? Lots and lots of alcohol?
Those who used to have a drug, gambling, or drinking problem, how are you doing now?|Pretty good thanks.
Who are your favorite people to do impressions of?|Tommy Wiseau
How many more seasons of Criminal Minds do you think they'll make?|I hope many. Although I’m not enjoying the change in characters in recent years, it’s still a great show.
What trivial reason did you lose what could have been a meaningful and wonderful relationship?|Northridge CA earthquake, the morning of, I was asked to help with security by the company both myself and my S.O. worked for. She didn't say anything about it, she was from England and I did not know how devastated she was about the earthquake (she was not injured, we lost no material things, no friends hurt, and she didn't say anything). She broke up with me over it.  Despite it being a move that would have potentially been destructive to my career, it turns out she 100% expected me to tell the company to go shove it, and just sit with her and hold her hand and be there for her in the wake of the earthquake, even if it meant we both got in trouble with the company. Again, unharmed, we were even one of the lucky ones who had no damage to our stuff or living space.  She just -- felt every single person in California, including me, who went to work, was insane and unacceptable.  We split up. Prior to that we had a very very deep connection, or at least I thought we did.  We would talk until 5 am and get up at 7 am to go to work, exhausted but in love (not every night lol).
What would your 'perfect day' be? What would you want to happen?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
Who are your favorite people to do impressions of?|"Ive always liked saying ""the bubbles you know is gone!"" From Powerpuff Girls bubblevicious. Idk why"
What's a good career for someone with a strong stomach?|Stomach model
People who've failed upwards, what's your story?|[My name is Gary Space, I was a prisoner aboard this ship. But when the crap hit the fan I BECAME THE CAPTAIN! FOR REAL!] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EHbt_kSkG8)
What problem DID you ignore and it went away on its own?|Manic/depressive with type-2 bipolar. Mostly chronic depression. People kept telling me to get therapy, but I knew the only thing that would help was improving my life, so I focused on that and not my depression. After a lot of failure I eventually started experiences success, and that little bit of success blossomed into a new life. Been years since I felt suicidal and I am generally happy 90% of the time now. No more manic breakdowns, no more self-hate. Therapy isn't for everyone, and I am a firm believer that focusing too much on your mental illnesses only makes them worse. Obviously everyone is different, but for me this rang true.
Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?|Rats op pls nerf, I'm a Lion main and it's impossible to win against rats, ever.
What was a thing you thought you invented as a kid?|Ice cream soup
If people were food, what food would you be?|An eggplant.
What is a quirk that was passed down to you?|Bending my thumb really far. Yes, I know I won the genetic lottery!
What’s the most disturbing image you’ve seen on the Internet?|A child sex doll.
What would you choose if you won the lottery: annuity or lump sum?|Annuity. That way I couldn't blow it all on hookers and cocaine at once, but rather over years.
Neat people of Reddit, what are the tasks do you include in your general home cleaning checklist?|Just a small thing but Once every 1-2 months I clean my toothbrush by dunking the bristles into a solution of hydrogen peroxide and water. Let it sit for a few hours and so much crap comes off and it's all disinfected. Good stuff.
"What aspect of someone's appearance makes you think ""damn - he/she is rich""?"|The way a person carries themselves
What is the most embarrassing and ridiculous social media fueled drama you have witnessed?|Friend on Facebook put her ex husband on blast for not being in her son's life. His family got involved and it got ugly fast. Very trashy, the n word got thrown around, fat jokes were made, it was all fantastic to watch unfold.
Why do you think the idea of another civil war in the US, sometime in the future, is completely out of the question?|I don't.
What candy bar is better when frozen?|None.
What are some of the best cold opens in movies and television?|Asian Jim,  The Office (US)
For a civilization 2000 from now, what would be the most difficult thing from today to reverse engineer?|Hyper-concentrated scientific illiteracy.
What are you annoyed by that we still have to do in 2018?|That football still uses a chain crew
Teachers of Reddit, how prevalent is Logan Paul merchandise at your schools?|I teach in Japan, so...zero.
What is something you know for sure you are better than the average person at?|Alphabetizing. Nature of the job.
What type of people on reddit annoy you the most?|Bad trolls. Sometimes it can be funny, but most of the time it comes across as pretty sad.
How can you start a new life underage without being homeless?|https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/5k1q7i/i_am_completely_homeless_with_500/
Dear people of Reddit, from what point of view do you dream? In what language when you're multilingual/deaf?|Usually, first person.
What game you were looking forward to disappointed you the most?|Diablo III....................terrible
What's your favorite type of vacation and why?|one with tons of shaggin
Hey Reddit, what tastes nothing like it smells?|Jackfruit!
"Why aren't girls named after their mom, as in ""Mary Smith Jr."" or ""Delores Vandelay III""?"|My sister is named after our mom
What's your favorite nonsense word?|Qapejobuxy
Why do cold water lobster tails taste SO MUCH better than warm water tails?|That's how the gods make them. They cook it with lightning, let it float to the antarctic, and consume
What is a food that once it is in front of you WILL be devoured that day completely?|lasanga
How was your Prom? Would you recommend going to others?|Smoked a bunch of cheap weed, drank a bunch of piss-warm beer, and towards the end everything got *really* hazy. It was nice.
What is your explanation on why space agencies have not attempted a moon landing in 46 years?|Cost v. reward.  There’s no reward.
What’s making you cranky today?|Not a damn thing!  Woo!
What is one stereotype people put you in that you hate?|Youre from the south? You must be a racist republican Bible thumping Nascar loving inbred idiot.
In 40 years what will people be nostalgic for?|Driving a car.
If you could design a car, what would it be like, and what features would it have?|It would have 5 wheels fuck being normal
What’s a great “quality over quantity” YouTube channel?|Kurzegat. Best animations Eva
Jeff Bezos is worth $115 billion. What would you do with $115 billion?|Buy 115 billion things off the dollar menu.
People of Reddit, what is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?|"I have two: a man with purple sunglasses (I guess he was blind) and a stick chased me and I hid in a rabbithole. The rest I can't remember. Also I dreamed recently in a very agressive way. I don't consider myself agressive in the daily live, but I was in that dream. I was in some sort of fort or castle in no particular era/age. People got guns and swords and spears. Everything that could be considered a weapon. I fought everyone, I was angry the entire dream and hurted lots of people. Magically, nobody was really wounded. Example: somebody hit me, but not very hard and I just grabbed his skull and smashed it against the wall. Time after time. At the end of the dream a woman in a blue dress turned around (I saw here lots of times, but always just the back) and I screamed, for no apparent reason, ""You betrayed me!! You betrayed me!!"". They had to drag me away from here and she smiled very evil. I really don't know how and why she betrayed me, but then I woke up, sweaty. It was frightening sometimes, but also hilarious. The most fun I had in a dream ever, not that I would do it in real life, but very much fun."
In what order do you take gum out of the package?|There's an order?
You can remove 1 day of human history, what day do you chose?|Tomorrow
What did you get in trouble for at the movie theater?|Well apparently you can't bring your dog in there if he doesn't qualify as a seeing eye dog, at which point it becomes redundant.
Film students: what was the most difficult thing you had to deal with when making your short movie?|The costume designer would show up late every day, be on her phone the whole time, and one day she got in a fight with one of the teachers and took an angry nap on the couch she was supposed to move.
What is something that literally everybody can agree on?|Cancer sucks.
What’s a band that you were genuinely excited to see, only to realize that they are terrible live?|Hanson
What's the most ridiculous thing your boss has ever said to you that made you almost quit?|He got names switched in an email so I responded asking if he was actually referring to the person he named. He responded with: “scottland83, I was obviously referring to (insert different name than the one used before) and got the names switched. If this is some game then I’m not playing.”  The thing is, I had no way to know for sure who he was referring to so I asked for clarification. Obviously emails can seem terse or sarcastic depending on context, but if I’m asking a straightforward question, then give me the benefit of the doubt and just answer the question straight.
Where's the worst place you've been stranded?|New Jersey.
Where do shy people go for help not being shy?|Reddit
Service members of Reddit: if forced to march in Trump’s proposed military parade, what’s something you could do to lawfully protest while doing so?|ugh, here we go
What's an experience that has changed your life?|Being born
Do you eat regular (non-breakfast) foods for breakfast? Why or why not?|I can't be the only one, but everyone I know acts like I'm doing some crazy taboo thing by eating spaghetti (or any leftover dinner) for breakfast.
Redditors, what general advice can you give a 22 year old in college?|Get out of college.
What is the funniest reddit comment?|https://www.reddit.com/r/Music/comments/56cdgm/ama_im_really_rick_astley_i_swear_and_to/d8i933q/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=Music
Why do we check the clocks on the cable box when we are holding our phones?|I never noticed this truth!
If humans never existed, which organisms would be the superior species?|"On land - Raccoons.  
In water (still true) - Dolphins"
What would you say is the most fetishized ethnicity of men?|It’s black men.
What is something that Victorian fashion did right?|Top Hats
Why do the Dude Perfect guys think they're so cool?|Cause they put time and effort into their videos?
What are some free photo editing alternatives to photoshop?|Gimp
In the far future, what modern day companies are the new nations?|Disney owns us all.
What are people taking for granted today that may not be the same in 2038?|Fresh air, using oil and gas, the lack thereof a world war.
"What was that time when your brain was like ""hey..you know what would be really messed up to do?"""|Commit suicide
What would you do if you had a big butt?|I would not lie.
What’s the wittiest pick up line you’ve heard or used?|You lookin vicious working on your fitness
Redditors who willing grow neck beards, why?|don't feel like shaving. not even to shape up the beard. come at me bro
What small, seemingly-insignificant thing do you do on the regular that makes you feel like we're living in the future?|Use my phone.
If heaven and hell existed who would you imagine be in those places?|I believe hell is reserved for only the worst humanity has to offer.
What comment, you cheapskate, should you have given Reddit Gold but have you not?|Grammar isn't your first language is it?
Which forgotten celebrity do you think is most bitter about it?|Frank Stallone
Why do we all live in this big blue planet?|Because we were born here.  That, that is, is.  That, that is not, is not.
People who have worked in restaurants, what is the most crazy or dramatic thing that has happened unknowingly to customers during a shift?|When I was a kid we had a cook come in really drunk. He walked up to the woks and just hurled into the fried rice then stirred it up.
Reddit, what is the unhealthiest, but highest quality, food you've seen/eaten?|Them cum ball thingys at Taco Bell. Seriously. So good
What will be your choice of weapon when Elon Musk takes over the world?|Flamethrower
Mattress store workers of Reddit. Why is your open sign on ALL the time?|Statistically speaking, most people are likely to buy a mattress at night, when they want to go to bed and notice that they don't have a mattress.
What caused your most recent breakup?|Me being me :v
What are some examples of obvious plot armor in movies?|Indiana Jones, the nuke and the fridge.
When was the last time you enjoyed life?|1 second ago
If you could change anything in your partner, what it would be?|Everything.
What are some of the hest songs to listen to when sad?|Hanson-Mmmbop
Which news did you think was a joke at first, turned out to be true?|Donald Trump running for presidency.
How will Elon Musk's space launched car age? Will there be any deterioration? Will the color fade?|r/askscience
What are some unwritten rules of things NOT to do?|If there are enough urinals, do not stand next to another man unless you are friends and both of you are comfortable doing so
What are some useful keychains?|Gerber Artifact
What is your current guilty pleasure?|Twitch
What movie is better than the book?|"Fight Club  
edit added a few more  
The Princess Bride  
The Silence of the Lambs  
Children of Men"
A stranger offers you 1 million dollars for 1 night with your spouse, what do you do?|Ask my wife.
What are the best legal stimulant drugs out there?|Non-existent.
People with heavy accents, how does Siri, Alexa or text to talk fuck with you?|Alexa can't understand me at all.  She barely responds to her own  name and there's not many options to change language. I ended up trying it and sending it back.  Amazon was pretty understanding.
What site has the best combination of intellectual stimulation and porn?|Playing a jeopardy video game with controller vibration turned on. I'll take an orgasm for 500 Alex.
When did you realize a friendship was mentally toxic to you? What were the signs?|When I spent time apart from him and our group realized how much happier we all were
What's your most awkward experience of somebody trying to flirt with you?|Was in line at Starbucks, when the cashier girl started flirting with me. Only problem there was a big line of stressed out people behind me. I didnt know what to do, and it ended up awkward.
What are your best sleeping positions?|On my side, facing a wall to prevent my over reactive mind from imagining those shadows and objects in my room as monsters
American Muslims of Reddit, what is the worst thing that another American has said or done to you because of your religious identity?|Ive been called a terrorist multiple times and I kindly explained to them that I wouldnt murder someone for having different religous beliefs than mine. I wouldnt murder a insect let alone another human being. In fact I like to understand other peoples point of views of life.
Without counting the current president of the United States who would be the most surreal choice for president?|The Rock and, ignoring reality a bit, I look forward to the weirdness of his Presidency.
"What did you ""start"" on reddit? What did you make meta?"|"I started ""The Poconos"" in some thread about how to make sure you never have an awkward silence. It was short lived and I was the person who ended up with the least karma and the least gold. It was only meta in that one thread. My 3 seconds of fame were bittersweet."
What is your favorite YouTube Poop (TYP)?|Anything king of the Hill.
US Government Employees, what is the government shutdown like from your perspective?|Active duty military member here, Everything remained the same except for the fact that the possibility of not getting paid was there. Immediately surrounding contractors stopped working, funding shortages were prevalent and everyone was sort of up-tight... No major changes though!
Redditors who faced a Title IX court, what was the process like?|Brutal, but I survived
What is the worst thing a student/administrator has ever done at your school?|Well, a teacher in our town stabbed/ murdered her boyfriend.
What do you feel should have been invented by now?|An instantaneous solution to acne that has no (or very limited) potential side effects.
What is the most unnecessary line from a movie in the history of film?|"""The resistance wont win by fighting the ones we hate, But for protectiving what we love."" Completely stupid and uneccessary"
Redditors who have homeschooled or have been homeschooled how did it turn out?|hello, I were homeschooled and I turn out fine.  I has just finished my highschool gratitation and am applying for college.  I would like to apply to Harvard because they has one of the best business schools in the world.  People sometimes say that homeschooled people are not ready for the real world but to those people I say look at me and look how I has been doing and I am going to get into Harvard and make riches.  Thank you.
What is everyone's Top 3 favorite movies?|Shotcaller, No country for old men, And John wick chapter 2.
Why does /r/me_irl have a fetish for dogs if their main purpose is memes?|Because Reddit.
whats the best souvenir you´ve bought?|A bottle of Papa's Pilar dark sipping rum in Key West.
What's the most heated argument you have gotten into over something trivial?|Got into a fight with a former bf over the pH scale. He went to school for science but was convinced that it went from 0-14 with 0 being the most basic. He was wrong. Argued for hours about it til I pulled out my phone and proved him wrong.
For the older people of Reddit, how was it when you first found out about the internet?|How older are you talking about? I'm in my early 60s, and a software engineer. It was my generation of engineers, more or less, who invented the net.
What makes kids think that they have no chance with the girl they like?|No confidence.
What will you be doing this Valentine?|Surgery!!!!! With reallly really good drugs. I might even marry my nurse while holding my wife's hand.
Why do flat earthers think the government is hiding the true shape of the earth?|Cause they're fucking morons.
What modern convenience will you miss the most after society collapses?|Netflix.
"Reddit, what's your ""type""?"|O-positive
Weed smokers of reddit: please explain to weed-naive redditors, what is it like to be high?|Really depends on the person. For some it is relaxing, for others it’s incredibly stressful. Also depends on the type and amount of weed and how it’s been used (smoked, vaped, baked in edibles, etc)
What's a 10/10 game that not many people have seen or heard of?|From Russia With Love
How would your life be different if your eyeballs could not rotate?|We wouldn’t be able to look into our glass as we drank
why do we still use 800 numbers?|Because they're toll free. You can call them from pretty much any phone.
In light of all the snow and inevitable potholes to come this summer; which country has the worst roads and worst road maintenance?|US. Our infrastructure sucks and instead of properly repairing things we basically put on a band-aid and hope it holds.
If you were sent to England 200 years ago while keeping your current knowledge, what is the most advanced thing you could make in your lifetime?|Claims of technology.  Then they would burn me as a witch prob.
Reddit, at what point during your life have you felt that God has intervened?|"Clearly my parents pissed off God and as punishment he pulled a reverse Job and said, ""Now you must raise this one. They will be with you forever."""
What is something you are not fazed by anymore?|I wish I could say stupid people on the internet
Identical twins of Reddit- what is the biggest personality difference between you and your twin?|I'm related to identical twins, one got really fat, the other is in great shape. Fat one lives with parents, other one doesn't. Fat one always looks sad, skinny one always looks happy.
What is something you'll willingly tell strangers on the Internet but not to those close to you?|That my husband and I have pretty wild sex
What is your favorite movie that is not in your mother language?|Spirited Away, Millennium Actress, Perfect Blue, Princess Mononoke
What place needs a big fence?|The Mexican border
Redditors over the age of 40, what’s a childhood/teenage memory you have from growing up that the younger generations probably didn’t get to experience? Also what words/phrases said when you were younger that aren’t used anymore?|I got to work at a gas station when I was in high school.  It wasn't self-serve pumps and a convenience store.  It was full service and I also did brake jobs, exhaust systems, water pumps, and service calls.  I even got to drive a wrecker and tow cars.  And it was totally cosmic, man.
Why are you procrastinating?|why do today what you can do tomorrow
Anyone have a DNA test to find your genetic relatives and the results were very surprising in a bad way? If so what was the surprise?|what would be a bad way? Heritable guilt is not something to be advocating...
You're outside when suddenly you weigh less and less, and start floating away, but you still have your phone, who do you call to save you?|The Ministry of Magic hotline.
What do you wish more people did nowadays?|Shut the fuck up and listen.
What's going to realistically happen once all our jobs are automated? Will we live in jobless utopia or jobless hell?|Quite a bit of hell, maybe some Utopia eventually is my guess.
What questions make you feel bad?|"""Why do you always disappoint me?"""
What’s your favorite insult from a movie, tv show or book etc?|Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries
What relaxes you before sleeping?|Weed
As a kid watching WWE, what was something you thought actually happened in real life you saw on WWE?|I thought Vince McMahon really blew up.
What are some really fun and inexpensive ways in which to surprise a friend, family member or your kids, to make them smile and feel loved?|Ask them over for a private conversation and just tell them how much they mean to you.
What do you get out of using Reddit?|Funsies, information, companionship, links, opinions, memes, cat pics
What made you hustle?|Almost missed the bus
What kind gesture have you done today?|I DIDN'T, write every employee I have up today.
What's one of your darker stories that don't seem to fit with the other posts?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
People of reddit, how was your first experience in an asylum?|Arent asylums permanent?
Who were the most heroic animals in history?|Charlotte of Charlotte's Web.
Reddit, I got my girlfriend 500 Bouncy balls for valentines day. What is a good way that she can open her present and all the bouncy balls fall all over the ground?|I think you meant your ex-girlfriend.
What was the last thing someone said that made your stomach drop?|Dad called me the other week saying my grandma died
What are you planning for single's awareness day?|Wearing my most unflattering clothes (see: oversized hoodie, merch tee, and baggy pants), trying to watch Netflix in class and give everyone sassy commentary (as usual!).
What is the most tone deaf advertisement you've seen?|Kendal Jenner’s Pepsi commercial
Reddit, when did your parent(s) tear some new assholes?|When my dad planted his seed in my mom's butt.
What have you always wanted to know about doing drugs?|how the fuck to people do herion, it seems like you do it and pass out, where's the fun in that? I smoked weed took LSD did cocaine because I would have a great time but Heroin seems like it's not.
What's not all it's cracked up to be?|The Military
Servers of Reddit, what would you like the guests to know about your job?|"1. Serving isn’t a “dead-end” job. Chances are, if they’re good at their job, they make waaaay more than you do. 
2. Not everyone is going to be a server forever. A lot of people serve to pay for university. Even if they do aspire to be a server as their career, there isn’t anything wrong with it."
What were your most interesting rounds of “Never have I ever”?|I either loose too quickly or have all my fingers up while everyone else is wasted on the floor
What actors pretty much just play themselves?|The Rock
What weird crap did you eat as a kid?|peanut butter and cheese sandwich.  still do.  delicious.
People who put fancy/expensive rims on shitty cars, why?|Cause they can. What's a shitty car to you may be their dream car.
How will the world end?|Burned up by the sun in like 5 billion years.
If you were a fish, what kind of fish would you be and why?|A swimmy fish
What is the most epic way you have ever surprised someone?|I put their car in their living room
Redditors who grew up with what is now a celebrity (large or small) do you have any cool stories or neat details about them?|Don't know how true this is but we have a cousin who went to the same high school as Tim Burton and was always told that he was as weird as his films say he would be
What is socially acceptable when you are attractive but not when you are not attractive?|Everything
What will become completely obsolete within the next decade?|CD’s, DVDs and Blu Rays
When I was a kid I used to believe that the elderly couldn't swear and they couldn't drink pop, what weird things did you believe as a kid?|I thought that telephone lines were rope streets for squirrels and birds.  I didn't really ask about them; didn't know about phones. I just saw that they ran along with the human streets, and I only saw birds and squirrels on them so... LOGIC.
Hey Reddit, how did you get that scar?|I was cleaning a 20,000 gallon tank and the ladder that was propped against the side of it sliiiiiid down the side of the tank. I made one feeble grasp for the rim, but in 1/10th of a second, I thought- “And what- hang there by one hand for 5 seconds and fall anyway? Screw *that*!”  I woke up an hour or so later in a chopper, being Mercy-Flighted to a hospital in Buffalo, 70 miles away.  Ended up with a concussion and a Y-shaped scar on the top of my bean.  The only permanent effect is that now I like broccoli.  *And Asian men*
Which famous person would you love to hang out with?|leonardo dc
What is something that most people do every day that they should think twice about?|Driving. Not that people shouldn't drive...but they should actually engage their brain and not be on their mobile devices, drunk, or otherwise distracted unnecessarily.
In what ways can masturbation affect one's relationship?|It can really ruin the first date when you're asked to leave the restaurant.
What was your favorite computer game to play during the 90's/early 2000's?|Half life!
What historical period would you choose to live in?|This one so I don’t die of diseases
Drug dealers / manufacturers, how much did Breaking Bad inspire you?|Nice try, detective asshole
Singles of Reddit, What are you doing for Valentines day?|Jackin it
What's the craziest thing you've seen on Chatroulette?|a kid and a older girl,he was sucking her tits
Cops of America, why on earth are y’all so goddamned violent?|This guy is a baiter.
You’re granted one “Get Out of Jail Free” card to use in real life, what will you use it on?|Federal bank robbery.
Why do radio stations of particular genre play the same list of songs every day?|They play what's popular, so they have a set list of songs
Reddit, what paranormal experiences have you encountered?|spooky breakfast cereal names
What are the changes you have made in your life that have helped with your success or produced massively positive results?|Always think positive; never say “i’m gonna fail” cuz you will if you think it.
What is always the last thing you check for before leaving the house?|That my keys are in my hand
Which teacher/professor made the biggest positive difference in your life?|I’ll kick it off. In 2nd grade, my teacher told me that I was bad at math, and I believed her. So I hated math until 7th grade when I had the best math teacher ever. He understood that everyone learns in a different way and at different speeds, and he also understood that, for math in particular, everything is cumulative. So in his class, you could take any test as many times as you wanted until you got whatever grade you wanted to get. He didn’t give students an A, but he gave every student the opportunity to get an A. He also took a personal interest in each student’s life. He offered personal help to students after school. He offered personally taught review sessions the week of each test where he would go over exactly what we needed to know for the test and then just answer as many questions as people had. But most importantly, he was a great person to go to if you had any problems or concerns at all, even if they had absolutely nothing to do with math or school (very important for hormonal 13 year olds to have an adult figure who is responsible and kind and they trust with the most important and private things of their messed up middle school lives). Everyone loved him for the person and the teacher that he was.
What unexpected thing did a reference say when you called them to check?|Don't dip your pen in company ink.
What movie had a hidden/underlying meaning that blew your mind?|Alice in Wonderland, Mullholland Drive, Spirited Away, Millennium Actress, Clockwork Orange, Metropolis, Pulp Fiction
Gamblers of Reddit, what is the worst casino experience you have ever had?|Bad beat on the river during my first ever poker hand... Fucking bullshit! Edit - VERY bad beat. Phil Hellmuth Jr. style of bad beat. Fucking dude had 2% going into the river (according to the old, smart, playing-poker-for-50-years dude next to me)
What was your mid-life crisis?|Airsoft. I've recently bought a load of gear to get started, but I haven't had the time to go to my first game yet.
If you could bring back one dead meme, fresh and new, what would it be?|Final Fantasy X circlejerk
Potential future parents of Reddit: What's something that you vow you won't do with your kids?|For me it would be taking them in public. I don't care how it works out but I swore when I was just a kid myself that if I ever had them, I'd never take them out the house with me; that that is what having a partner is for.
What is the next “Big Thing” after the Battle Royale craze blows over?|A battle Royale with cheese maybe
What kind of place do you live in?|The best kind
What things do you miss from the fackin' good ol' days?|*dialup sounds intensifies*
Special Ops personnel of Reddit which video game(s) gives an accurate portrayl of your job?|None of them.  Like seriously. None of them.
As someone who makes over 1500 a week on average, can someone give me a good budget to use?|Usually it’s about 300 more a week, but when it’s any less than 1500 (due to less overtime) I seem to really hurt me and my family. Maybe my budgeting is wrong? (1500 mo mortgage and major bills come out to another 2000. Wife makes another 1500 on top of mine)
Redditors who have words for random things, what are they?|Shitposts
What's the most illogical word in the English language?|"*Ingenious* doesn't mean ""not genius,"" it in fact means ""genius"""
How do you handle people without boundaries?|In what sense
What is your favorite website to read weird and horror non-fictional stories?|Wikipedia
Why is Religion so important to people?|Sense of belonging, worth, community, peace, born into it and no choice
What's the most ingenious conning scheme you've read about?|The classic sending invoices to the recently deceased. Someone in mourning isn't going to bother disputing a bill for $50.
What is the fetish of listening to men laugh?|Laughterbation
What was the last thing that made you laugh?|Cinemasins
What do you believe is the main foundation for personal growth? The one factor that is necessary to achieve success in anything?|Failure
AskReddit users, why do you ask random questions on Reddit?|For the real answers
Humans of Reddit at what point did cute become creepy?|I babysat a girl, three years old, when I worked in Hollywood in the 90's.  Just one of the things I did for the executive I worked for.  This particular time I was asked to get her from a hair stylist who lived across the street from the building my exec worked in, and had an apartment in the top of.  I was a few minutes early so we told jokes.  They were adorable.  Then she told a joke I never forgot: Why did Jesus have a dead rose. (Why, Lauren?) Because he had a date with a dead chicken. [hair stylist dead stops, stares into space, then slowly resumes clipping in a room that remained dead silent]. To be honest, I liked that she said something so weird, but I knew the stylists and other people were kind of not too happy with it so I said nothing.
What's something you're parents always said that you can't wait to say to your children?|That you better f*cking learn the difference between your and you’re and there their and they’re or you’ll look like a clown or whatever.
Depressed reddit of people. How was your cycle?|🙄🙄🙄
What video game were you dreading to play but had it turn out to be an amazing game?|I Wanna Be The Boshy
What’s it mean when a guy says he can’t wait to see yooouuuuuu?|That he wants to see you.
People from Oregon, why do you drive so aggressively?|I currently live in the Portland, OR area and I've lived on the East Coast and the Midwest. I'd say, on average, the drivers here aren't particularly aggressive compared to where I lived in Illinois. It all depends on what you're used to, where you've driven before. Lots of different factors.
Why was smoking in High School so popular in the 50's and 60's?|Because everyone's dad and brother came back from WW2 and Korea smoking
If you had your own, 'Personal Business Card', what would it say next to 'Occupation'?|Student and work study
What is a search term that you're sure no one has ever searched for?|Asian titties
Those that use storage facilities - have you done the math? Is it actually worth it? Why not sell stuff and maybe buy again later?|I used it because my lease was up and my new place wouldn't be ready for a month
Lurkers of Reddit, why haven't you created an account?|-,-
As a kid, what did you think was the coolest thing ever?|Michael Jackson, Alice in Wonderland, The Legend Of Zelda
What are the horrors of working at a convenience store ?|Boredom, possibility of robbery, idiot customers.
If life was an MMORPGs what skill would you master?|Runecrafting $$$$
What's your favorite comfort food?|Steak
All the subreddits are now professional wrestlers, what's each one's signature move?|r/evilbuildings : tombstone piledriver r/pokemon would use pokemon in matches r/politics would talk shit about every other wrestler r/trees is too high to care r/nfl throw footballs at everyone r/nba would flop r/gaming would beat others with controllers r/pcmasterrace would have great hair r/trashy would be leta r/dbz is too worried about drawing fan art r/all copies everyone else's moves  r/2007scape would cut promos with their 99 str and the loser would be forced to grind 99 rc in f2p
Redditors who ask passive aggressive questions about things they don’t like, why?|Who’s asking?
With unlimtied money, what would you hire scientists to do?|Eliminate cancer.
Dear reddit, What did you do today?|Chilled Been smoking blunts all day.
People who immigrated to a new country: what is it like to move to another country? What do you wish you wish you knew?|Upvote for effort.
Parents who killed their flour/egg child in middle school, how are your real kids doing?|i would have so laughed in the face of any teacher who gave such an idiotic assignment....
What was your first alcoholic drink and who gave it to you?|St. Paulie Girl (the alcoholic kind). My dad gave it to me when I was 16.
Redditors whose cats are with them right now - what are they doing?|He's laying next to me, sleeping.
What have you had stolen?|My heart.
So reddit, what’s your favorite spongebob quote?|That's not my wallet.
If schools start teaching a common sense class, what desperately needs to be included?|Financial planning
What is one of the most important word in life and why?|Commitment.  If you commit to something then you can achieve it.
What is the worst thing about reddit?|The sensitive people who abuse the downvote button over voicing their opinion.
What’s a good simple joke?|What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted
What do you do when you cant sleep at night?|Close my eyes
What is something you continuously make “rookie mistakes” in no matter how many times you have done it?|Remembering my right and left
How do we know that a hallucination is indeed a hallucination?|Well, a hallucination isn't real, while something that isn't a hallucination would be, though.
Massage Therapists of Reddit, what have been your best, worst and/or most NSFW interactions with clients?|Including your location is encouraged. 🙏
Hey reddit, what are some useful unknown things you can do with a calculator?|Type in 8008
Who's the one kid you've never forgotten from middle/high school?|Kid who got punched in the head so hard he pissed himself in front of everyone on the floor of the cafeteria.
What is the most racist/sexist/homophobic thing you have ever heard someone say?|'Black people were much nicer before the civil war.'
What’s your go to comfort food?|Chicken-n-dumplings.
What’s an language you’d love to learn that isn’t very practical or useful to you (people don’t use it very much where you live or at all)? Why do you want to learn this language?|Russian or German. I just love how they sound.
How do you cope with getting older?|It's not so horrible that I feel I have to *cope* with it. It's just part of life. Everyone gets older or dies young.
Single people of Reddit, what are your plans for Valentine's Day?|Same plan I have everyday get drunk then jerk off and go to sleep
What is your favorite song?|Outkast-B.O.B.
What are you the fastest at?|Comments.
If you could change one thing and one thing only about your past, what would it be and why?|Would not have gotten in a car with a drunk driver, 100%. I was young, drunk, and incredibly stupid back then, and now I'm stuck in a wheelchair for the rest of my life. Thankfully no one else was hurt in the accident, but never drink and drive!!
Doctors of Reddit, how it is possible of people to pass away from heartbreak?|https://www.sciencealert.com/this-is-what-happens-to-your-brain-when-you-get-your-heart-broken
How would you - as succinctly as possible - show who you are?|I'd send a selfie with my lightsaber.
Would you murder a pedophile for $5 million dollars? (You will be found not guilty) Why or why not?|If it were guaranteed that I wouldn't be punished, I'd murder almost anyone for $5 million.
Bathroom users of reddit, what is the strangest thing you've seen on a public restroom stall?|Bathroom users of reddit?   Who does this leave out?!
What is the greatest thing you have ever done for someone else?|Helped push a ladies car out of the center lane in rush hour traffic. So not only did I help her, but I helped the 4 miles of people I passed to get to her. It was a good feeling, and she was scared shitless.
Redditors with PTSD, what is it like having flashbacks? What should the people around you do/not do when it occurs?|I can’t explain the feeling of how I am when my PTSD is triggered but I can definitely tell you that nobody should touch me
What have you stolen?|Your heart
What would be the shittiest last words?|Ice cream soup
What opinion do you hold that you are afraid to publicly express?|Equality should not be a goal of society. Disparities do not imply discrimination or prejudice, they just imply disparities.
If you had to start a TV company, what type of shows would you air/create?|All the Star Treks, all the forensic Files, all the Antique Road Shows, all the Ancient Aliens, and Rick and Morty, and Family Guy
What is something that we did as children that we would never consider doing now as adults?|Taking baths with siblings
Idk where else to post this but my friend (16 year old) is getting beaten and kicked out of the house but wont call cps cause he has a dog, would CPS be able to take him and his dog?|No, but an animal shelter would be able to take his dog.
Reddit, what problems are you dealing with right now?|My procrastination and lack of sleep
What is your most memorable dmv experience?|First time going when I moved to a rural community and realized there were actually nice people who worked there.
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?|I got blackout drunk and emailed my 62 year old married biology teacher that I wanted to bang him
Redditors born on September 11th (in the USA), how do you try to celebrate your birthday?|blowing 2 big candles out while a paper place flies around
What might someone incorrectly assume about you?|I'm shy just because I'm awkward
People who live near a Trader Joe's: What are your must-buy items when you shop there?|Scandinavian Swimmers.
What is your favorite As Seen On TV product?|The snuggle by far I still have mine they are so cozy
Aside from hereditary guilt, what else should our society be attempting to eradicate?|Political hypocrisy, and selective Patriots. The kinds of people in the US where they believe a gay pride parade is great ( I even participated in one to be supportive) but whole-heartedly believe that a Neo-Nazi rally or the KKK should not be allowed to meet or present.  The kinds of people who believe in freedom of religion, but denounce the NFL players who do not kneel to a flag that *they believe* to not represent what they love.  The kinds of people who believe children should be required to say the pledge of allegiance in school.  tl;dr My girlfriend.
What is the most blood you’ve personally seen spilled?|"When we were kids a girl in primary school was sobbing once at lunchtime, and when we finally managed to make her laugh her nose suddenly spewed out blood like a faucet for two seconds. It made this ""WHAP"" noise when it splattered the pavement. We all looked at each other for a bit, and she fearfully asked, ""Am I dying?"" She was fine. It was just a wicked nosebleed."
What do you wish you could have asked a loved one, before they passed away?|What exactly happened that night in April  1986?
What is the most bizarre reason you’ve heard behind a couple’s divorce?|"Wife divorced husband of 4 years after discovering him wearing her high heels on a number of occasions. His reasoning was ""to tone his calves""."
What would you be an Olympian in?|Smash Bros. Fight me!
Who do you think would be a genuinely capable leader for your country?|Colin Powell
What are your favorite B-Grade or even C-Grade movies?|"""I Come In Peace"""
Why did you do it?|Hey man, I didn't do anything.  You didn't see anything.  Move along.
What keeps you up at night?|Reddit
With all the good karma you have saved up in your life, what terrible act would you need to commit to return you back to being even?|Probably something along the lines of kicking a dog. I’m not *that* far into the positive side.
Workers of Reddit, what are some office disputes that are plain stupid but hilarious at the same time?|I’ve seen co workers argue over the temperature of the office. Wait, that’s not stupid? Let me explain. Person 1 wanted it to be 67.5 F and Person 2 wanted it to be 67 F... Person 2 had more authority and it was decided, 67 F it is. Well Person 1 began wearing a full snow suit in their cubicle in a petty attempt to prove their point to the manager that they were cold. Person 1 got fired, and ironically had to step out of the office into the sub zero temperature weather outside.  The real kicker here is that after they were let go, the temperature went up to 70 in the offices.  Maybe you had to be there, but it was pretty hilarious.
What's the best thing about your life?|Wife
How have you narrowly avoided disaster?|Condoms
What songs put you onto the rappers that you listen to now?|Sinaloa, by 6ix9ine. He's a massive fruitcake, and probably a pedophile, but he's an interesting guy.
If you woke up tomorrow the day of your high school graduation, what would you do differently?|Not go
If you could get away with one specific crime as many times as you wanted in your life, which crime would you commit?|"Theft
/thread"
What is the best thing about being left handed?|Green/yellow scissors in school
What’s your least athletic injury?|"I had a career ending injury develop while I was on the collegiate Ultimate Frisbee team. :|"
"Why do ppl brag about how they ""own their own business"" as if its an indicator of massive success? Do they realize that any shmuck can register a business tomorrow and ""own their own business"" and this is NO indicator of anything?"|I think they generally mean they run a successful business.
What is the worst thing that happened while you were traveling or on vacation?|9/11
What can't you understand why more people don't like?|People
What was the worst period of your life?|Right now.
What are some brands that poor people have never heard of?|Anything 365 related.
What are some things that happens in the world that proves life is really stranger than fiction?|The current US President
What is your go to song when your angry?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okzmGI-Paj8
What is a gut feeling that you have had, but hoped was wrong?|The feeling that my dog not eating much is just being moody and not because she is more than 10 years old
What is the hardest level you have ever beaten in a video game?|"Modern would probably mile high club on veteran (COD 4) was a bitch to get through, even more painful when you missed the final shot! 
Old school games were a lot harder imo though with no saves, limited lives and all that."
Which superhero do few people pay attention to but is actually really cool?|Captain planet.
What's the most money you've ever lost?|"Im 22 in college and it was probably from a website that let you copy other peoples stocks trades, well they had bitcoin and everyone would do those and I would make a killing and when they removed it, I thought bitcoin stocks and ""normal"" stocks like dow and oil, silver, etc were the same. Nope like probably 3-4k lost im sure its more and I could have spent it on another endevour with more potential."
What is the most useless yet fascinating thing you've learned recently?|Lately, my friend told me that women attach menstrual pads to underwear, not to body. She left me speechless.
Would you become transgender for $5 million dollars? Why or why not?|No because it's not worthy
People with major body alterations - anything from facial tattoos to missing limbs - how do you think these will affect you as you get older?|I always wondered if people with facial tattoos really struggle to get a job.  My uncle has a missing leg. He worked as a fisherman. He got it caught in some machinery and lost it. Above the knee. That's the worst.
How could tinder make choosing more fun?|Like, instead of swiping left  it could be like fruit ninja and cut? Or some variation of that.
Hey Reddit, what are your spooky, scary, supernatural stories/encounters?|If it counts... When I'm not not drunk (which I need to be if I want to sleep) I've some real scary spasms where I would just jump out of the bed because of a bad dream or thought. Some of them are painful.
What heartbreaking moment did you witness, but weren't a part of?|When my girlfriend made me watch 50 Shades of Grey and Anastasia left Christian.
What is the worst music group/artist you've seen live?|Never been to a concert but I can assume most modern pop artists.
What is a subreddit that should not exist?|/r/prolapsesucking
Is there someone that believed in the law of attraction and then stopped?If so,what caused you to stop?|"I went on a ""Secret"" cruise by accident once with the people from that book - Bob Proctor, etc.  My friend told me it was a business cruise.  The atmosphere was similar to a cult.  Lots of attempts to convince people."
What are healthy ways for attention seekers to feel valued or important?|Be interesting...
How did you know (s)he was not the one?|Restraining order
What are the best free games for iOS and androids?|Geometry Dash. r/2007scape is coming to mobile soon too - you can play that for free.
Why does the direction of toilet paper actually matter?|Spiders
Poopers of Reddit: Do you wipe sitting down or standing up and why?|Standing Up so I can let it get smeared all around. Makes the wiping more of a minigame
Students of reddit who take pieces of paper when class to take notes on instead of notebooks. What do you do with the papers after class?|Think i just developed aids after reading that
How do you make decisions if you fear commitment and are afraid of the possible outcomes?|If you are afraid of the outcome - then you are afraid to live. Everything is overthought now - it's simple - if something or someone inspires the best out out you - and you don't leap - then you are the issue...
What would it take for you to delete your Facebook account?|Nothing, I don't use Facebook
stay virgin or fuck everybody , and why ?|Do what you want to do. Its your life, you make the decisions.
What's the most shocking thing Harvey Weinstein has done so far?|Not been arrested and charged with sexual assault.
Which city has the scariest cops?|LA
What's the stupidest thing you have texted someone or posted on social media while intoxicated?|Probably to many to list.. really need an app that you text under while intoxicated that does not send but you can see what you were going to send or post the next day
If you have changed your last name, why and how did it make you feel?|I didn’t change mine willfully, mine was changed when I was young and got adopted.  Honestly, it’s always been a nonissue until recently. I don’t feel like I have an identity and whenever I see my last name next to my first, everything seems out of place.  My last name has been what it is for close to 15 years now and it’s still does not feel right.
respect or money , and why ?|Money. Why would I care about other people's opinion when I can have the money I want to be happy and make my love ones happy.
What psychological coping mechanisms do people not realize makes things worse?|Avoidance makes these worse.   If you have social anxiety, and you avoid all social interactions, then you get to sit at home and be alone.  And then you get depressed.  So you've the social anxiety, and the depression.  Great combo.  Dissassociation is another bad one, as is repression because you don't deal with the thing that is happening that is causing you distress (like a break up).  So say, someone like dumps you or cuts you out of their life for a while and then they come back to be polite and say hi, or whatever and because you have dissassociated, you have no clue what is going on, and your response to their check in is inappropriate and not based in reality at all.   Then when the person who dissassociated realized how inappropriately they responded to the shit ball that dumped them for a piece of pond scum, they are stuck dealing with the shame and embarrassment.
What song would you walk out to if you were an MMA fighter?|Ante Up
What do you do to feel like a better person?|I've been kind of mentoring a depressed, suicidal teenager just to give her someone to listen to and support in her challenging life.  I just bought her a ticket to see a band she's been wanting to see for seven years so I'm feeling pretty good about that.
What was the most disgusting thing your child has done?|Mine's when my daughter showed me a booger she picked from her bum.... Kid's are gross...
What do people usually keep private that you don't care about?|sex tapes
People that do the extreme coupon thing. What do you do with all that toothpaste and Gatorade?|I've been doing it for about 3 years now and I keep enough to last a year, and donate the rest. I donate them to shelters, and food pantries.
Reddit, what is your #1 life rule, and why?|If nothing changes, nothing changes. Because it describes how inertia and inaction get in the way. The interpretation of the rule is to... Abhor stasis and make it happen... With heart and guts.
What are your feelings regarding whether or not salaries should be disclosed in the work place?|Let them be known. People talk anyway. It creates healthy competition and makes for keeping less secrets in the workplace.
What are some of the advantages of books vs. movies?|A much more detailed and grander story.
When you make eye contact with a random girl and she makes a smirk smile, is she just being nice?|It’s hard to tell, but probably
What one thing should be essential knowledge?|How to use your turn indicator
What's something that makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?|Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God
What story are you just dying to share right now that starts with ‘about a week ago’?|So about a week ago I was beating my meat, and this guy walks into the bar right. He tells me that little Timmy was looking for me, cause I had told him his mama was so fat the bed bent under her weight. He took that offensively, and tried to roast me. Told the guy I was just doing my job as her personal caretaker. We got it all taken care of, but then these 3 Black guys walked into the bar and... You know what? That’s a story for another day.
"Pick one: what is the ""tldr"" of your job, your family life, or your guilty pleasure?"|job: tl;dr- I teach stupid people how to be slumlords.
When did you see someone 10/10 not give a fuck when they should have?|Homeless person crawling on their belly across a street. Tons of ppl around, noone helped
What is slowly becoming more common?|Weakly committing to something so you retain the optionality to flake.
How long do you think you’ll live?|Until I die.
Where do scientists find all their human subjects for experiments?|They post wanted adds like for a job listing, except with weirder qualifications. Instead of a bachelors degree and experience in the field they want you to suffer from whatever they’re trying to cure.
Reddit, what's in your junk drawer?|Your mom's plus size panties
What is the most wholesome thing that somebody has said to you?|"""That was a big fat load"" - grandma 89' Christmas"
What thing the world convince you was bad and terrible turned out to be just exactly what was right/good for you?|Eggs
Who would get the job: A candidate with an Associates degree and one year of experience or a candidate with a Bachelors degree and no experience?|Kinda depends on the job requirements and interview skills.
Employees of Reddit - What are some random acts of kindness you've witnessed while working?|This was some years ago when I still worked retail. There was an older man who came in on occasion, an acquaintance of all of us, no one unusual for the first almost-year of my time in the store. Thanksgiving rolls around and he comes into the store at (I understand) 9 AM. He was still there when I came in at 11 or so. He was there for my entire shift, standing behind the registers and watching. Every time a family came through with a thanksgiving meal, full cart, he'd step up, and pay. Just every time. Cash in hand, whole total, wouldn't accept any argument, this huge smile on his face. That man spend close to eight thousand dollars that one day, and didn't see a dime of it for his own gain.
What's the longest you've ever slept? Why?|20 hours. I was 14, over-worked, and had a bad cold
What combination of characters, from different fictional worlds, would make for an interesting situation or conversation?|Rei Ayanami & Genie from Aladdin I want to know what the hell Rei's 3 Wishes would be
Deaf People, What is the Most Challenging Thing To Overcome In Life Because Of Your Lack Of Hearing?|socialization and making friends
What are some deeply unsettling facts about everyday objects?|Many of them were very recently alive in some way, shape, or form.
Why do we refer to the LGBT community in that order instead of BGLT the a->z version?|Because they don't have CDO.
What do you find really interesting?|Space
What’s the funniest voicemail greeting you’ve heard?|Back in the day I had a friend sing the george costanza voicemail in his phone. It sounds so unoriginal to do but was actually very funny.
What songs are best to listen to while mourning for a friend?|I listened to the offspring- gone away a lot when I lost my brother.
[NSFW] What are your best/worst experiences with vibrating panties?|What what?
Who are Reddit lives exclusively off their savings or investments, if so, how much do you make and how do you do it?|I worked really hard and put away 1m by the time I was 16. So now I live off my dividends or whatever.
Redditors that live in cities that hosted the Olympics, how did the Olympics change your city and what is it like now?|Vancouver:. The biggest impact was probably from Olympic village. It was built on industrial land close to the city came and it's kickstarted redevelopment in the area. There's a new highway to whistler now, and a few other nice facilities. It played a big role in politics for a while, dealing with the fiscal shitshow of all the expenses, but I think we got off better than other cities. I think it really galvanized a lot of left wing protest movements too. Acknowledging indigenous people, protests for social housing, other social programs, etc. It probably set the stage for anti pipeline protests that have occurred in the last 5 years or so. The anticapitalist resistance comic book gives a good description of this.
Barring any exctiction event such as a meteor or nuclear war, how much longer do you think mankind will realistically survive, and why?|I don’t think we’d survive at all. Every scenario would have different outcomes so lets go with nuclear war. Russia and the U.S alone have enough nukes to end life on earth 6 times so if we were to go to nuclear war we would probably end up killing a lot of the population. After that all the survivors would probably die from the radiation.
At which point in human history were the most people the most satisfied with life?|Now, probably
What seemingly sutble thing annoys you greatly?|I may not have done it first, but I did it better
What is success to you?|Achieving happiness while being able to contribute to society and live in security
What are things Americans should know when moving to Europe?|If you're moving to the U.K., remember to look the other way when crossing the street.  I know someone who forget and got hit by a double decker bus.
You can go on a one way trip back in time. Where do you go?|April 3 1975, Albuquerque NM.  I then buy shares in Microsoft in the morning.
What is the best album to have sex to?|The Pirates of the Caribbean soundtrack.
What's your favorite tv show?|Current-Atlanta and Westworld All time-The Simpsons
You have to fully chew and swallow the feces of an animal of your choice. Which animal do you choose?|Whatever that cat is that eats the coffee beans then shits them out.
Hey AskReddit, what do you never fuck with?|Wu-Tang Clan
What is something that has been around for a while but is only now starting to be useful?|My dick.
What software can record the screen and audio playing, save to disk,!and keep recording for 8 continuous hours?|OBS. The length of recording is more dependent on your available storage than the program though
What type of person ruins AskReddit for you?|mainly reposters/rephrasers of front page questions
What country is often underestimated?|Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
If you had to try and cheer someone up using only one picture, what picture would you use?|Hypothetical question. Could this be a picture of them from the past, present, or future?
What ringtones, images, or notification sounds have you set in your contacts for people you don't like?|Silent
What little thing did your parents do for you that you didnt notice/appreciate until years later?|They made us do chores, taught us to cook, and all that.  Plus they were scrupulously fair about not showing any favoritism.  All around good parents and fun people, but when I was little I thought all parents were like that.
What is something you regret not doing/doing while you were younger? Or In high school?|Working out.
People who were trying for a child, but ended up having twins or triplets, how did you react?|Not me, but my buddy. After many years and $s spent trying to get his wife pregnant, they finally had a girl. They decided that was that and were perfectly happy with it. About a year after she was born, wifey is pregnant again. Twin girls. My buddy was shell shocked, to say the least. BTW, his wife was/is a very successful woman, financially. So they decided it only made sense that he be the stay at home dad. I remember he once told me that if he had to listen to another argument about who stole whose hairbrush, he was gonna' lose it!
What the most statistically likely thing to happen to you that never has?|Death
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up? Did it happen?|Veterinarian. Not one yet, but I'm well on my way! It's hard work
What kind of food (with 4 or less ingredients) would be extremely different if each ingredient was eaten separately? Would it make the food better or worse?|Macaroni and Cheese Milk Pasta Cheese Each tastes fine on their own but Mac and Cheese is heavenly.
Americans of Reddit, what do you think of Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau?|Who?
What is the grossest/nastiest thing that has happened to you in a sexual encounter?|Pulled out of her butt, and there was a piece of corn on my unit. Flicked it onto the curtain (it was her house) and finished the job.
What topic can you spend hours talking about?|Music
What is a good song by a bad artist/band?|"Sooo, one hit wonders?
Counting Blue Cars by Dishwalla."
What’s the best time of day to post on reddit?|If you're looking for Karma, post ~7-9am US time.  People are getting up and getting to work and it's basically primetime for karma farming.
If movies were titled like Friends episodes, what would some good ones be?|The One Where Anastasia Gets Spanked
What decade's music would you consider to still be 'Classic Rock': 70s, 80s, 90s, all the above?|I know the traditional logic of something as ‘classic’ is being 25 years or older but culturally this seems like much more of a subjective question. If we go with the 25-year standard that would mean something like Duran Duran’s Wedding Album or Radiohead’s Pablo Honey is classic rock. While someone like my mother has a hard time thinking of 80s rock as classic, but to be fair I think that may more of a result of her not being able to realize how long ago her teenage years actually were instead of not knowing what ‘classic’ means.
Guys whose partner earns more money, how do you feel about it? Has your opinion changed over time?|We have separate bank accounts and I’m incredibly happy for her success.  It’s great for our family and she can spend what she makes as she wishes.  Family first, then my opinion will always be that she’s earned it via hard work and choosing a good field.
"What are examples of excellent romantic movies that went ""under the radar""?"|Titanic, A Clockwork Orange
Teenagers of reddit, When was the first time you watched porn?|A friend and I stumbled upon the late night softcore porn channel during a sleepover when we were about 11 lol
What is the worst circle jerk in gaming?|The Witcher 3 by far, Nothing even remotely comes close to this Bullshit
How do you laugh off embarrassing moments?|"By saying ""oh well."" Not having your head up your ass also helps."
What improves your life for $20 or less?|Food
What's the one dirt cheap thing you do on a regular basis?|Bike rides
What item have you bought that has made the biggest improvement to your quality of life?|An insulated cup. So nice to come back out to your car during break and still have ice/water leftover from the morn.
What stage of your life has been the best?|Late 20s
What is your best online shopping hack?|"Clear your cookies before you browse a site you have visited before. Some companies will gradually put the price up the more you look at a product, just to create a sense of urgency: ""Oh no. The product price is climbing. Need to buy NOW!"""
What illness symptom do you find the worst?|Uncontrolled diarrhea.
What caused your last mental breakdown?|The perfect shitstorm of a bunch of things
Which video game has the most beautiful aesthetics?|Horizon Zero Dawn Skyrim Witcher 3 FireWatch
What assumptions should never be made? What assumptions can safely be made?|Never assume a round woman is pregnant. If you're wrong, it only ends badly.
Strange-Tamers of Reddit, how did you tame your first strange?|https://images.knifecenter.com/thumb/1500x1500/knifecenter/coldsteel/images/CSB6255T_LS1R.jpg
Adults of reddit, is reading comprehension a good skill to have after college? Why or why not?|To understand what you're reading in a words-based society, where everyone uses computers and smart phones?  Yes.
What's Something your SO could do or say that would make you feel loved?|Buy me Spiderman Mac & Cheese
Why did Adam eat the apple ?|When a naked lady offers you an apple, you eat the apple.
What qualities has a new S.O. projected on you that you just went along with?|being mexican
What do you do with your towel after having a shower? Where do you put it?|on the rack to dry
Reddit, what do you like to eat in a hot weather?|Ice cold beer.
When did you meet someone who could randomly guess what you were thinking and vice versa?|Last year actually.
How much would you pay for porn if it wasn't widely available?|Guess its time to break out the Victoria's Secret catalogue.
What is the greatest song under a minute long?|“I Just Had Sex” by The Lonely Island
If you had to guess, how many bananas do you think you’ve eaten throughout your entire life?|Probably 12-20. I used to like them as a small child, but from age 8+ I can’t even stand the smell of them. No idea why.
If the Dukes of Hazzard got into a police car chase today, what would happen to them?|We have Duke style chases almost every day where I live. They get away more often than the police like to admit.
When is it better to go last?|When the zipline breaks from the person in front of you.
Who does everyone you know seem to like, EXCEPT FOR YOU (and why)?|Seinfield. There I said it!
What do you guys really think about men wearing makeup?|Whatever paints your fence
What’s a story one of your parents have told you that made you think “wow you were really cool”?|"My mom was invited to a party with Charles Manson as the host.  At the time according to her, no one knew what Manson was doing. She went as far as going up to him to thank him for the party, at which point Manson starts touching her with the words, ""I can give you a night you'll never forget.""  She said her creep radar was screaming in her ear and she withdrew her hand and walked away. I'm glad she did, she's glad she did. We're all glad we had her longer than if she had taken Manson up on his offer."
What is the most regrettable decision imaginable?|Snooze button
What's the best way you would annouce your pregnancy?|Aye aye aye, whats poppin pimps! My fly lady and I is having a kid, yo.
How do figure skaters condition their bodies to avoid dizziness from spinning?|Office chairs.
What kind of person do you dislike but can't express it because you know you'll never win?|Attention whores.
Elders of reddit, what REALLY are the things that people should look for in their life partners?|Don't ignore red flags and don't be afraid to pull the plug.
Flu ridden Redditors - what is the best medicine/tips/hacks that can help someone get better more quickly?|YES I have the flu right now so I can help! If you're blocked up, fill a bowl with boiling water and then stick your head over it and breathe in the steam. It helps unclog. Also, get a warm flannel and drape it across your nose when you lie down to soothe your sinuses. I've also been using a hot water bottle to warm my bed before I get in it because I'm so cold all the time.
Crafty people of Reddit, what kind of artistic paint goes best with wood?|Acrylic.
How do you treat yourself?|Ok I guess.
How did you deal with rejection? What’s the story behind it?|Nothing to deal with,everyone is entitled to their own opinion on any topic . I defineatly  haven't been interested in everyone that has approached me and I would be pretty arrogant to believe that I am all to everyone I might chose to approach .
What would you do if you we're God for 12 hours?|Erupt volcanoes
What's the most ridiculous CSI-style investigative technology you've ever seen in a movie/series?|Anytime I see enhance I have a laugh or whatever.
What TV shows are worth binge watching?|"Scrubs My favorite show of all time. It's got plenty of comedy, what it's branded as, but it also has incredibly good serious episodes ""Where do you think we are?"""
When was somebody inexplicably rude to you, without any apparent provocation?|Each time my alcoholic sister gets drunk.
Redditors of reddit, what thing do you hate about reddit?|It's such an echo chamber. We get it, you think diamonds are a scam, circumcision is awful, and capitalism is evil. Disagree and get down voted to hell.
What's the best meal you've ever made by throwing a bunch of random stuff you had leftover together?|A stir fry
What is your favorite poem?|"With That Moon Language (Hafiz) Admit something: Everyone you see, you say to
them, “Love me.” Of course you do not do this out loud, otherwise
someone would call the cops. Still, though, think about this, this great pull in us
to connect. Why not become the one who lives with a full
moon in each eye that is always saying, with that sweet moon language, what every other
eye in this world is dying to hear?"
If vegetables had a personality, what would they be like?|They'd be rooted in reality, surely.
Attractive people of Reddit, when did you start realizing that you aren't an eyesore?|"When I'd meet old friends/colleagues and they'd say things along the lines of ""If I wasn't married..."" 
 Phrases like that are bitter sweet because it's like thanks for the complement but you also reminded me that I'm alone."
What made you believe in karma ?|Not fucking r/AskReddit. I can’t get anything to take off in there.
Teachers of reddit, What advice do you have for someone who is about to become a teacher?|Stay focused on the students. There will be lots of distractions and lots that you will endure, but the students are worth it.  They need positive a positive influence who always looks out for their best interest.
What are you doing on valentine's day?|Wishing that she was mine
Who is living the best/ happy life? Why? How?|Elon Musk. He's doing big positive things
"What do you guys thing of the validity of the W.H.O's announcement that ""Gaming Disorder"" is now recognized as a mental condition?"|I think it's kinda dumb that all of these individual activities are being labeled as problematic when really it all just boils down to compulsion and impulse control. Porn addiction, video game addiction, and food addiction aren't legitimate ailments; they're all just compulsive behavior and poor impulse control - *that's* the real condition.
What makes you angry?|Elves.
What is your favorite 'Parks and Recreation' quote?|Skim milk is water that's lying about being milk
What do you call people who dont form a line and wait their turn?|I don’t get this joke
What are women better than men in?|Giving birth
Workers of the Press, what are some dark secrets that the public should know about?|We tell news that people want to hear, not need to hear. Because it sells and gets the viewers.
What is your favorite fictional time period (e.g. steampunk)?|The 31st century portrayed in Futurama.
What is a good nightly routine to do before going to bed?|Brush your teeth and wash your face, like Mom and Dad taught you.
What's a good house warming gift to give to a first time home owner?|Tool box with basic tools; a 3 day emergency kit; a plant or tree for their yard/garden; kitchen fire extinguisher; power surge protector; a Dummies guide to basic home repairs; garden tools
What SubReddits could become a reality show?|blackpeoplegifs kanye
What is the most mind-blowing video you have ever seen?|Damn some porn videos like how do they fit that big of a dick in such a petite person
Redditors who love to party - what happened to ruin the party?|Cops..iwasnt there...i called the copss....i lied...i will now answer seriously..my mom showed up..
What TV show did you start watching that you didn't think you would like but ended up loving?|Rick and Morty, thought it was annoying at first but then got totally addicted
What supernatual event close to you was debunked?|Parting of the Red Sea
How do you Reddit?|Boredom
What is the best thing you've ever eaten?|I mean if I didn't say pussy I would be lying to myself.
What’s a phrase that you feel is either overused or underused?|Underused - that's the way the cookie crumbles.
If you made a sequel to Idiocracy, what would America now look like?|President Not Sure would have made everything better, of course.
Why is North Korea not frightened by the US?|They are, but they hide behind China
Hey Reddit, what did a company do for you that made you become a lifelong customer?|Chick-fil-A's food is good...but I've never had a single rude person behind the counter.
Highly motivated people of reddit who accomplish what they set out to do, tell me your secrets?|"IME, Biggest ones came out of those that i spent great lengths of planning and researching ahead.
In addition to it, i check methods of others in same or similar areas to see what made them get ahead and what made them fail."
What does cocaine smell like?|Can’t explain. You have to inhale a kilo to truly understand
What thing you extremely hated at first, but eventually extremely liked?|Black people
How do you avoid feeling like shit?|Avoid the shit that leads me to feel like shit.
What’s something to treasure while you still have it?|Grandparents
Non-football fan here. Why do professional football players still flop knowing very well that the whole game is on camera?|If I had a legally-binding contract that guaranteed me several million $, I frankly would not give a damn, Scarlett.
Trying to think of the name of a law that prevents the rich from hoarding their cash too much, so that's why they donate to charity? Or maybe some regarding inheritance, preventing dynasties from getting out of hand?|There is no law against accruing wealth. You may be thinking of estate (inheritance) taxes that basically only affect the very wealthy and generally have the intention you describe (preventing dynastic wealth from creating a permanent class of the ultrawealthy).
If you could show aliens one website (excluding reddit) that best describes humans, which would you choose and why?|BBC News gotta give em the facts..
What turns on your creativity or inspires you to come up with new ideas?|Walking by myself. I like to think im pretty funny sometimes and i come up with my best jokes and word my experiences perfectly when im walking by the river.
"What are some impressive (but not well known) historic examples of ""___ is the only ___ to have ever ___""?"|Pocatello Idaho is the only city in the world named Pocatello.
How would you commit the perfect crime?|Go for the chandelier
What is still taboo ?|Incest
What, in your opinion, is the most important thing in a relationship?|Trust
What’s a movie you’ve seen and loved (at anytime of your life), but cannot remember the name of it and it drives you crazy?|I don't remember.
What is the biggest dick move you've ever seen an oblivious tourist pull?|Stopping to see more than one-brick stacked and then taking a photo of it while blocking the sidewalk with their giant Kansas City ass.
People who have been cheated on or have been caught cheating, what was your/your partner's reaction?|She was upset that I wasn't honest with her and we've done fine since
people from the party line era, what we're y'all taking about?|I'd be shocked if I can remember.
What's a movie that you regret you put off seeing for years, because it ended up being incredible?|Pulp Fiction, watched it for the first time yesterday and it was fucking incredible
What dumb idea actually turned out to be profitable?|Pet rock.
What is the lamest AskReddit question you can come up with?|This one?
"Far in the future students are watching old movies and writing essays on them, similar to how Shakespeare's pieces are used today, which movies are their ""Shakespeares"" and why?"|The Wave, just because.
What’s your hobby to past the time?|Reddit  Video Games Netflix and Chill
if you could choose to marry anyone in the world who would it be?|Keanu Reeves.
What's a song you heard once and loved but could never find again because you never got the name?|I cant remember the name of it..
Parents of Reddit, Easter is on April Fool's Day this year. What are your nefarious plans?|Starting over with clones.
What lessons did our parents' generation commonly learn that are now not taught or discussed?|How to write a check. I only learned from home-ec, and I had to teach my lil brother.
Those of you who have worked someplace with a Lost and Found, what are some of the coolest/weirdest things you've seen?|My uncle was a janitor for a high school in the 90s. I used to go to school with him at night when I stayed at his place, and I was allowed to meander through the library. He found a gameboy color one night, with Pokémon yellow, and that’s how I got my first gameboy and how I got into Pokémon.
How do you respond to cat calling?|I g n o r e i t.
What book would you recommend to fan's of a particular movie/game?|If you enjoy the show LOST try reading House of Leaves. If you loved The Greatest Showman, try The Night Circus.
Gen X and older, how well do you understand slang in songs by artist like Lil Pump?|who?? that about sums it up.
What do you prefer and why: Flamin’ Hot Cheetos or Fuego Takis?|Fuego  The thought just made my mouth water. I like them because of that lime flavor that blends nicely with the sweet spice
What was the most memorable time a scene from tv/film left you with goosebumps?|True Detective, when Woody Harrelson kills that pedophile execution style.
People who work 40+ hours a week how do you not get burned out?|I got used to it after some time, I suppose.
What's a movie or show that has been on your watchlist for years, that you keep telling yourself you're going to watch, eventually?|Better Call Saul.  I'm absolutely going to watch it. Eventually.
what's the creepiest documentary you have seen?|Cropsey
What commercial actually convinced you to purchase what was being advertised?|the snuggie. I got it for my grandmother when she was dying.
What commonly annoying thing doesn't bother you at all?|Politics, I should probably be more concerned about what’s going on, but I just don’t care.
What are some well hidden subreddits?|The ones you least expect
What is the possibility of extraterrestrial life existing elsewhere in the universe?|Probably pretty high. That doesn’t mean intelligent life but something has got to be out there
What’s your thoughts of a guy using the C word jokingly in front of a girl he likes?|Uh what country?
What is Reddit to you?|The nectar of life
What event did you witness that will probably never happen again?|Trump being elected
What ad on youtube have you not instantly skipped?|All of them because adblock
Hey Reddit, why are you unable to admit that you are flawed?|I'm not. Source: I fucking suck.
Men of Reddit, what physical flaws do women care about that men really don’t care about?|How small or big your tits are
What’s the most underrated artist you know of?|Weird Al
What do you love doing daily?|Jerking off
Where do you expect to be the day the first human walks on Mars?|2055-60
How do you get in touch with your inner caveperson?|Light a fire with sticks and straw.
What’s it mean when a guy calls a girl unbelievably sexy?|It means he hasn't figured out how goddamn nuts you are, pepper.
What's the most random memory you have of when you were a kid that you don't remember the context of?|Chasing my brother with a pitchfork???
If you were guarenteed good health for the next 5 years, what would you do differently?|Make shitloads of money by not eating and telling people I subsist entirely on sunlight, then writing books about it so dumb people can starve to death. This is a real thing that actually happened, ftr.
What is the greatest Metal song of all-time?|Electric Eye by Judas Priest
what would you call the process from when a person met another person to their marriage? aside from falling in love?|Courtship
Why do we need an ineffective wall on the border?|To satiate the xenophobic base
Which film was most ruined by the trailer?|Cabin in the Woods. There is a *major* third act twist, and the stinger spoils it.
Pizza eaters of Reddit: How have you noticed pizza evolving over the years?|Medium pizza was much bigger 20 yrs ago
People who have lots of tattoos, which one is your favorite and why?|The one of your moms ass on my ass. It keeps me warm at night
Dear reddit, what beer brand you will prefer with chicken?|A Pilsner. light but refreshing
"Adults of Reddit, what's that weird grandpa thing (""Get off my lawn!"") that you find yourself doing now?"|People just talk SO loud
Reddit, what do you to to relax after a long and stressful day?|...browse Reddit.
What was the strangest thing you were mailed by mistake?|Literally a bag of gummy dicks.
What’s the most memorable prank call you’ve ever received/given?|"someone called me and said a line from Yu-Gi-Oh. can't remember what it was , something like ""there's not a single card in your pathetic deck that can defeat me, Kaiba"" idk"
Why do many people have such a strong need to make themselves more unique (tattoos, piercing etc.)?|Human nature.
What food brand is so good at their product that you won't even consider eating other brands that sell the same type of food?|Heinz ketchup. I literally will never buy/use another brand.
What is the worst local subreddit?|I vote for the San Diego subreddit. I just looked at a lost pet post and people were berating the dog owner.  I understand a few others are bad too.
"What is something you want to ""get off your chest""?"|The lump thats under my left nipple. Completly honest.
Rich Redditors, what is your least favorite part of having money?|It's actually filthy.  I'd rather not touch it.
What bothers you most about this platform?|It’s rather high and I am without a ladder.
When did your childhood/teen belief of being special/unique/superior wear off and how do you feel about it looking back?|Never thought that as a teen
If real life was an RPG which enemy would drop the best loot?|Depends what you're looking for.
Imagine you was put onto earth with no information about food, what would you pick as the tastiest just from the appearance of it?|Tide pods
What’s the worst physical sensation you’ve experienced and how did it happen?|I mean, as a guy racking my nuts is pretty high on the list. Unfortunately, this has happened many times, in a lot of random situations.
What’s something you find yourself coming back to no matter how much time passes?|Ocarina of Time
Lottery winners of reddit, how much did you win and how did it feel?|$4 and I felt great
What can cause a pet rat that normally has pink eyes for one eye to suddenly turn black?|Animal testing
Are people born in 1999 and 2000 similar, why or why not?|Theyre both human beings? On the other hand, they have a massive age difference
Reddit, What are you watching?|Porn and AskReddit
What really grinds your gears?|Not pushing the pedal all the way
If the opposite of undermine is to ‘overmine’, when have you felt most overmined?|You can’t just makeup a word, do you overstand?
You are a burglar, instead of stealing things from, you just mildly inconvenience you victims. What is your crime?|My crime is reposting a question 2 days old.
What are some things everyone should try to do in their life time?|"Something they're afraid of or uncomfortable with.          
            
I was ""afraid"" of telling my mom ""I love you."" Idk. I must have thought I was ""too macho"" for that.      
         
But one night I watched a guy talk about almost losing his own mother while she was in his home country across the globe. He called her and told her that he loved her.        
          
My parent's room is just across the hallway and I didn't want to wait until my mom was dying before I said something as simple  ""I love you."" So I stopped what I was doing, went into their room, woke my parents up. (My mom had a pissed off look bc she had wake up early in the morning. Like ""wtf do you want?"").        
          
I didn't know how to start bc I hadn't said this in probably over 5years, so i just blurted it out. I dont know what i was expecting but she laughed and turned her mad face into probably the goofiest smile I've seen on her face. I said the same to dad and they told me goodnight.         
           
I plan on saying that more often now."
How do you feel about eating apes?|I don't care for monkey business at dinner time
"What is unfortunately seen as a very ""thankless"" job?"|Manual labor in general. It’s the bedrock of our society.
How would you feel about a law that requires voters to pass a knowledge test about all candidates in order to vote?|Who decides what information is pertinent to voter education? And what if there are a very large number of candidates, or completely unknown candidates?
Who is the most famous person from your hometown (or for redditors from very rural areas, your home county)?|Richard Burton, or maybe Clive Nicol. Anthony Hopkins and Catherine Zeta Jones also lived nearby.
NSFW Married guys: When was the last time you got an *enthusiastic* BJ?|"Not me, but this topic came up before at a party I went to and this one drunk motherfucker replied with an immediate, ""when it wasn't from my wife"" and promptly ran away beer in hand."
What's An Interesting Fact You Learned Today?|That Mars has life?
If you were a demon how would someone summon you?|Drum some bread sticks on top of a pizza to the tune of Metallica's For Whom the Bell Tolls
Married people, how would you react if you found out your spouse was stalking you for years prior to meeting them the first time?|"Hmmm...interesting idea.  
I don't know. Maybe a little flattered until all the weirder shit becomes known.   If she said any of the following it wouldn't be a big deal:
I knew you worked at xxxx so I tried to go as often as possible. 
I saw you at the gym and tried to find out your schedule so I could run into you. 
I would always notice your car ar xxxx place 
Once I tried to take your picture at xxxx, However if she said any of the following I would get a little worried:
Remember that day after you left party with your ex and you had to go outside at 2am cause the dog was sick. 
I have know for 5 years that you keep those pills in your medicine cabinet (we've know each other for 3). 
I remember when I was looking through your trash 4 years ago and saw those weird underwear, but we weren't dating yet so I won't bring it up anymore.  If I were to walk into her office and find pics of me from 6 or more years, then we have a problem.  I was fat back then and want those pics gone."
If you’ve worked from home long term, how has it impacted your personal life, work life, or both?|I’m going on 10 years working from home. It’s impacted my career in that I don’t think I could work in an office anymore. I’ve lost a lot of my adult-to-adult skills.
What are your experiences/feelings with s.o.’s who seem to value the publicity of your relationship on social media more than the actual relationship?|I have a few distant family members who do this and the relationships never work out.
Horny people of reddit, what's your kink?|Showing my penis to strangers on the internet.
What's the most valuable thing that you've completely destroyed?|a 1972 Firebird..........stupid drunk motherfucker
What's the story behind you and your best friend?|I was stealing his pencils when we was 6 y.o .. and now we are 21 !
What did you find in the street/dumpster/trash that you decided to take home with you and keep?|oreo cookies
What is an ongoing temptation in your life that you've been trying to restrain yourself from indulging?|Having too many dogs
What annoying thing does Reddit's community do that needs to stop?|Equating participation trophy ribbons with actual life experience.
What is the dumbest (craziest, best, worst) thing you should’ve gotten in trouble for at school, but didn't?|The amount of drugs I did there, probably.
What's one thing you should NEVER do if you are feeling sleepy?|Drive.
What are some great lesser known songs by well-known artists?|If 6 was 9. Off the Axis bold as love album by Jimi Hendrix.
Who is the gayest historical figure?|liberace
First aiders of Reddit, what are are some first aid tips everyone should know?|for a head wound, do not apply a tourniquet around the neck
Shorter people of reddit, what are some advantages and disadvantages of being short?|"Advantage: not having to duck through small doorways/low ceilings
Disadvantage: having to climb on the counter to reach the top shelf"
What is something you always wanted to do but were afraid to try? Or something you didn't know where to start with?|Podcasting
What's your favorite opening line (from anything)?|"""Time takes a cigarette, puts it in your mouth."""
Other than ice cream soup, what was a thing you thought you invented as a kid?|My friend.
Gamers who purchase in-game currency, why?|Only when I want some cosmetics and think the game is going in a good direction. If the currency is causing problems with the gameplay itself, I won't be giving them any money.
What’s a telltale sign that you’re depressed and not just sad a lot?|"Depression *sorta* is being sad a lot.  That said, some good indicators:  * Feeling like shit all the time * Staying in bed for hours after you're awake because you can't justify getting up * Avoiding things you would probably like to do, like going out with friends, and then feeling like shit because you didn't do it.  * Feelings of worthlessness, or excessive or inappropriate guilt 
* Suicidal Thoughts *  Loss of interest in stuff you once enjoyed"
What do you get at the mall food court?|Chick Fil a. I don't care how homophobic they are. Their chicken sandwich compares to none.
How do you feel about dying or reincarnating and never seeing your family again?|Reincarnation is one of my worst fears. One life is enough, don't make me go through this shit again.
What odd bathroom habits do your pets have?|Cat never flushes the toilet
What's your take on teachers taking away bathroom privileges/breaks as a form of class punishment?|Using the bathroom is a human right. Denying restroom use should be illegal.
What’s your best “it’s a small world” story?|Traveled to Washington DC for family vacation. Pick a day to go to the National Zoo and then decide at the last minute to go the next day. We’re walking in and right in front of us is a family we’ve known for a long time. Neither of us had any knowledge the other was out of town or in DC.
What do you think of lazy people and why there are so many?|Lazy is a relative term. If I look back I used to be lazy, but even now, there are people who consider me lazy because I'm not operating at 100% efficiency, which is true.
People who are single indefinitely - are you better off being single? Or would you prefer having someone?|I want someone. I crave physical intimacy but idk that it’d make me better
People who run over pets while driving and don’t even stop to see if it’s alive, what the fuck?|How the fuck am I supposed to know that the skunk or raccoon I just ran over was your pet? Keep it on a leash, I'm not your vet and I have places to be.
What do you think your personality type is/what are some specific traits about you?|From the DiSC profile, I am a C personality type. As a C personality, I am generally more reserved and introverted. However, I am more task oriented than people oriented. Therefore, I prefer to tasks on my own when necessary and strive for perfection on my work, even if it means taking longer than required. Generally, it takes me longer to open up to people because of a general lack of confidence in the world around me.
What turns on your creativity or inspires you to come up with new ideas?|Necessity.It mother of invention.
What is the funniest TV commercial you’ve ever seen?|Inb4 the Flex Tape
Parents of Reddit, what was the worst thing your kid did in school?|Told his teacher that he saw mommy brushing her teeth with daddy's pee-pee.
If Reddit existed in Star Trek, what kind of posts would there be?|Why is Captain Kirk a bitch?
What will make you instantly stop whatever you're doing?|diarrhea
When did your friend or family embarass you?|Basically my mom my entire childhood. Looking back though it's made me a better person. I can laugh at myself instead of getting mad or flustered over most embarrassing situations.
What will forever be your most listened-to song?|A Cruel Angel's Thesis
Women of reddit, what do you think of short men?|"Inb4 ""Very little."""
What was the juiciest rumor at your school?|Probably that some kid came to school with a crowbar and hit a teacher. (he did have a crowbar but just smashed a locker.) This is in the Bay Area, CA, so it's pretty out there.
What events, if not seen live, aren't worth seeing at all?|Anything that has to do with fireworks
"Are ""nu metal"" and ""rap-rock"" (or ""rap-metal"") different genres - and if so, what are the differences, or are they basically just different names for the same genre?"|Nu Metal was anything remotely heavy and mainstream that metal heads were angry was encroaching on their subculture. Just like punk fans and emo.
What’s the best way to get rich quick?|Legally or illegally?
Is there a way to avoid seeing certain subreddits when viewing all/popular?|Close your eyes for the scary parts!
I suffer sleep paralysis, nightmares and night-terrors. People of reddit who also have these, can you describe your experiences and how you deal with them so you can get enough sleep?|Have you seen the shadow people ? Can you feel anybody close by ?
What sentence can start a debate between almost any group of people?|Toilet paper -  Overhanded or underhanded?
What would make you happy right now?|Recieving my tax refund would be nice
What is the coolest interaction you have had with an animal in the wild?|I'd live with big cats.  Or Dragons. Probably Dragons.
What intangible qualities would your ideal significant other have?|Understanding
Former fat people, what was your final straw that made you commit to losing weight?|Diabetes
When you were younger, what was your dream job?|I wanted to be an engineer. Now I am, and it’s sucks.
What do you think of Burger King's commercial about Net Neutrality?|In hungry as fuck
What's one character you really hated from a show/movie?|Joffrey from GOT. I'm pretty sure you're supposed to hate him though so good job to the actor.
Hey Reddit, what would be the most disturbing thing in your room if a random person walked in?|The panties and bra I have next to my computer for jerking off purposes
What are you secretly an expert of?|Shitposting. Oh wait
When did you know you were in love?|When I saw my first Crush, who was smoking hot for a third grader (I WAS IN THIRD GRADE TOO).
What is the worst behavior you've ever seen on a cruise ship?|Nothing big, but we had just gotten on the ship, dropped our shit off in our rooms and went up to the main deck.  Some dude was already up there sunbathing in his speedos. We hadn't even set sail yet.
What fetish do you have that you refuse to tell anyone about?|latinas
What is the most amazing photo you've ever seen?|Victoria Justices nude leaks
Dear Reddit, what’s your best time management advice you’d give younger you?|If you’re on time, your late
What kind of people belong in the tenth circle of hell?|child molesters
What is your worst experience on the road?|Other drivers
Who are some good horror or sci-fi writers similar to H. P. Lovecraft?|Edgar Allen Poe?
"When God told Abraham to kill his son, Isaac, and then stopped him before he actually did it....that seems to have been a test of Abraham like....""what part of 'don't kill' do you not understand?....even if I say it?"""|Abraham came before Moses.
You need to build the best band with anyone you want (living or dead) consisting of one vocalist, guitarist, bassist, drummer and a wildcard spot, who is in your band?|It's pretty much just Rush.
People who smoke weed everyday, don’t you feel your life is empty?|Ha no I feel more now then I did before
If universal basic income existed, how would you spend your time and money?|Move out to BFE and get a shit ton of land and spend the rest of my days fishing and building things
Why would an ex say he loves his new girlfriend but still stalks your social media page every day?|Cos he's trying to convince himself and you he is over it when he clearly is not.
What urban legend do you believe is true, despite any evidence to the contrary?|Donald Trump's hair is actually a parasitic space anenome controlling his every move.
What do you do when you think no one is watching?|I do nothing, in case someone is watching.
Office workers of Reddit, what is the most revolting thing you have witnessed a colleague do at work?|Asking since I just found out one of the guys who works in my immediate perimeter is keen on eating his back scabs.
For those who often sell items to pawn shops, what’s the best way to maximize the amount you get for said items?|Know the product to the detail, and your competitors products to detail. It will allow you to negotiate a higher price because you can articulate and argue the good points of your product more effectively (and helps you realize when they are BSing you). TLDR: Own the product
[NSFW] Women and men, what is the naughtiest thing you've ever done?|When I was a child I used to run through fields of wheat.
How big was the biggest dick you’ve ever seen?|At least 6'2, but he wore tall boots so maybe 6'0.
What is the most amazing thing you have done with a computer or other piece of digital technology?|I used my cellphone as a hotspot to connect my laptop to the operating station of an electron microscope to observe a sample, that was pretty dope
What would your idle animation be?|Sitting down, legs shaking. Scratching my face every few loops.
Sexy people of Reddit, what's the best thing you've done after a breakup?|Not feeling down, actually feeling very motivated and free. What have people done with this new found motivation to improve on things, grow/improve as a person, get closer to new people, have fun, etc. Not looking for revenge or to do anything petty.
What did you win that totally wasn’t worth it?|The race to the egg.
What's the most unique thing about yourself?|My farts
Redditors Who Never Drive Above the Speed Limit, Why?|And stay the fuck out of the left lane on the freeway!
In your opinion, what is the best dubbed anime?|Cowboy Bebop is supposed to have a high quality dub. So are the Ghibli films dubbed by Disney. I also like Hajime no Ippo
"Which ""legend"" faded undeservedly?"|The legend 27
Employers of Reddit who waited until an employee is on the verge of quitting to promote or offer a pay raise, why?|Last ditch effort
How accurate is Mr. Garrison's theory of evolution?|"Here is a link for those unaware of the theory.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL9S-TUikfg"
If your pet could talk, what would be the most hurtful thing it could say to you?|I'm seeing other humans
Historians of Reddit, how did the US help Japan rebuild after WWII?|/r/AskHistorians
"What was your experience with ""zero tolerance"" at school?"|"My last school had a racist chairman who refused to hire anybody that ""seemed"" black."
What is the most trivial thing you have had to google?|"Idk about a trivial thing I've googled, but I do know that when I use the library computers at work, I type in ""google"" on the Bing search bar because Bing is their homepage. And ain't nobody got time for that Bing."
What are some ways to put up with parents they always get angry at you no matter what?|just dont pay attetion to them
What's are ways to relax that can still be considered productive?|A Sativa indica hybrid can be very helpful. The Sativa will keep you awake and creative, so you can jot down random ideas, dance to music, paint, etc but its indica side will keep you somewhat relaxed through it all as well.
"What are some rage moments you've seen from sports fans where you basically said ""Was that really necessary?""?"|Most college and pro sports games “those” fans.
What tv show/movie did your significant other show you that you ended up enjoying?|Gravity Falls. The Venture Bros. That 70s Show.
What are some good examples of multitasking or time management?|Doing personal tasks at work if you can get away with it is excellent time management in my book.
[NSFW] What was your first time having sex like?|i fell asleep during it. really.
What book did you have to read for English class that you actually ended up enjoying in the end?|1984 and Animal Farm
You gain control of Donald Trump’s twitter account for one minute. What would you do?|Change the password.
What is a song that is guaranteed to put you in a good mood?|Queen- Don’t Stop Me Now
What's the most uncomfortable situation you have walked into unknowingly?|"I didn't exactly *walk* into this situation, more like click into it, but I think it fits the bill. My girlfriend made a bunch of sex tapes in college with her boyfriend. I know this because he left the videos in a semi-hidden folder on her laptop, addressed to her hypothetical future boyfriend (which just so happened to be me). I'm pretty sure that he intended to ""stick it to the next guy"" from the beginning, because the videos are edited down into clips that either show her taking it up the butt or her swallowing. To answer in advance some questions that I've gotten on Reddit before, no, she didn't know that he had left the videos on her computer. They were in an obscure folder called ""2newbf"" and stayed hidden in plain sight for 6 years. I was using her computer with permission to look for any files worth saving before we recycled it."
If you had $200 to spend on something special, what would you buy?|10 hand jobs
What's the most evil company and why?|Monsanto, they profit by destroying our Health
If you had to be trapped in a TV show for a month, which would you choose?|*Community*.
Without using a throwaway, what's the grossest thing you're willing to admit you do?|Basically the only times I wash my hands are after handling raw meat and when I get poop on my hand.
What's one thing you've always wanted to do, but haven't had the chance to do yet?|Fuck Taylor Swift in the Ass.
How do you go for the first kiss when you're shy?|Ask. Literally just ask.
Question for any military personnel who were convicted of a crime against the military and served time in a military prison, what did you do? And what was military prison like? How is it diffrent from regular prison?|Never been in any prison, but I read a story two decades ago by a guy who went to Leavenworth and he claims they put him in a trash can and beat it with baseball bats.
How do you cheer up someone who is lonely and / or depressed?|Understand that you will not cheer them up and instead firmly offer to help clean their home or anything else they might need.
What's the miles per gallon on that Tesla?|0
What are some cooking DON'Ts that you've learned the hard way?|Don’t cook bacon naked.
Who are some popular celebrities that use Reddit?|Terry Crews
What is something that someone does when you meet them, that makes you instantly hate them?|Sieg hieling in public
What are some of you guys's favorite ways to eat cottage cheese?|With wheat thins.
Which is your favorite “The Office” episode?|the episode when they do parkour lmao
Have you ever done something in an immersive game which haunted your conscience? If so, what was it?|The Walking Dead has a lot of these. Also the end of Shadow of the Colossus,
What are some of the best game of thrones scenes in your opinion?|S05e09 Dragon rescue
How do you calm down when you are irritated?|I try to pin point the source of the irritation, 99% of the time the cause is irrational. For the remaining 1%, I blow steam by playing music really loud or drinking a couple whiskey and coke.
What kind of life threatening situations have you been in, and how did you overcome them?|I was face to face with a speeding motorcycle headed straight at me. My body took over and saved my life.
RAs of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've ever caught one of your residents doing?|I caught some of the guys on my floor having a sleepover and it involved them each taking their mattress to the determined room. In a 2-person room there were 7 dudes, all in underwear, bouncing on mattresses, swinging pillows at each other, and giggling like young children. I was called for a noise complaint. I didn’t know what to say.
When will America have single payer healthcare?|Good question
At what point laziness becomes depression?|From my personal experience, depression becomes laziness.  On days when my depression doesn't hit, I'm far more productive.
What's one of the funniest dreams you ever had?|I didn't find my dream funny, but folks seem to laugh when I tell it. I had dream where I put some magnets on my fridge, then I did the dishes, then I woke up. That's it.
What is the corniest lyrics you've heard in a song?|"""If the light is off, then it isn't on"" Hilary Duff-So Yesterday"
What age do you start getting grey hairs?|I started going grey around the time my hair started thinning, so like 13.  :(
Redditors, what did you do to get written up at work?|Threw a water bottle through a window after my team was eliminated from the playoffs. I honestly wasn't aiming for the window but just took the write up with no argument because I knew I deserved it.
What's a time where giving into the heat of the moment actually ended up being a good thing?|Had some really good unprotected sex. It felt awesome, no one got pregnant, and I didn't get any STDs.
"Like Elon Musk launching his car into space, what's the best example of ""Because I can"" behaviour?"|Donald Trump becoming President.
What's something that gets overhyped by society for being great but turns out badly almost all the time?|Marriage for a lot of people.
When did we all become friends?|When we were born onto this earth then something pushed us apart
What car would travel farther in space gas or electric?|If they have the same mass then neither.   Newton's First Law states that an object will remain at rest or in uniform motion in a straight line unless acted upon by an external force. If the only force acting upon the cars is gravity, then they will both collide with an extraterrestrial object at the exact same time.   ~I may be an idiot, so don't trust me.
When is Szechuan sauce coming back?|Hopefully never
What is the most stranded or up s*** creek without a paddle you have ever being in. And how did you get out of this situation?|I got off the creek and started walking
What’s your favorite childhood cartoon memory?|Bobby's World
What’s the worst song to have sex to?|Dying Fetus - Kill Your Mother Rape Your Dog
What is the best yearbook quote you have seen?|“I wasted thirteen years of my life for a paper I could just print out from Google”
How many different emotions do you experience in a day?|5
Other than Youtube, Spotify and Apple, what's good for streaming music?|Soundcloud?
What's the most cringy thing you ever experienced unexpectedly in a public place on a broad daylight?|Old man standing outside the station with a flower in his hair, a bottle of whisky in one hand, and the other down his pants jerking off to the young girl in a French maid costume handing out pamphlets. He was standing right behind her. She knew and kept shuffling away, but he just kept following her.
What do you completely hate that the majority of people seem to enjoy?|Fat hamsters
After a lifetime of shampoo first, then soap, I went soap first this morning. This got me wondering, do most people stick to the same routine? How many people switch their routine?|Whatever you do, whether it be shoveling snow or taking a shower, always start from the top and work your way to the bottom.
People that come into a store less often than 5 minutes to close on a regular basis... what’s the deal?|Fr
Why don't you read more fiction?|Like Reddit doesn't qualify as fiction
Where are the coldest and hottest places you've been?|"Jay peak, Vermont in high wind (-50 with windchill). 
Vegas in the summer (110 in the shade)"
What is your technology horror story?|I drove my car, into a f*#$ing lake.
According to you, what is Reddit marketing, in the digital world?|Reddit marketing is the biggest marketplace, where you can market your products and landing pages....
What did the legends of your workplace do to become legends?|There's a programmer that just is consistently 5x more productive than everybody else.  He's the only person I know that can just write code, and compile it with no errors, no writing anything down, no diagramming out the process or listing variables.  He also comments his code more clearly than everybody else. I want to hate him, but mostly I'm impressed.
Which person in your life do you strive never to be like, and why?|Grant.
What’s practically unheard of now that will be common in 10 years?|"The bacteria called ""Gestafor"". There will be a pandemic in the future."
How does one get themselves to workout everyday?|Just do it. Not every day needs to be an intense workout, just get in the habit of exercising every day.
Wedding planners of reddit, what parts of the wedding should the groom be responsible for handling?|Meals guest cake
What 2-3 Trader Joe's items do you combine to make a meal?|White rice, jar of Masala sauce, chicken...boom
What's the best ways to ask someone out on a date?|Awkwardly as fuck, it shows you like them
If any food or drink could be 0 calories, what would you pick?|Pizza!
What is the most mundane thing that you would fight and potentially die for?|The ability to breathe, although I'm not sure how much of a fight I'd be able to put up.
What’s the most ridiculous/dumbest thing you’ve ever seen another driver doing while on the road?|Reading a book while driving on the interstate  Shaving and driving
People who eat exotic meat, which was your favorite and how does it compare to beef?|I ate a dick once. I think my favorite are the little ones, you can play with those without gagging. I've never tried cow dick.
What superhero/supervillain would today's tech, info, industrial billionaires become? It looks pretty certain that Elon Musk (who already has a fantastic supervillain name) is leaning toward Iron Man, or Dr. Evil. Who would Jeff Bezos be? Bill Gates?|I don't remember Tony Stark taking government money to do something as stupid as shooting a car into space.
Who is the most triumphant celebrity example of being a great artist, writer, musician, etc. but a horrible person?|Bill Cosby
What's the funkiest album you know?|Outkast-Stankonia Anything by Parliament/Funkadelic Snoop Dogg-Doggystyle
What clever pun-based name have you given a pet?|I adopted a kitten recently and named him “David Cattenborough”. Pretty happy with that.
What’s ability do humans have/exhibit that is so simple yet it blows your mind?|The fact that while we may not be as fast as some animals, we have the ability to out run all of them
What stereotypes did you never believe but later found out were accurate?|Most of them. Stereotypes don't exist for no reason.
What's the creepiest thing you've accidently done to someone?|I have a tendency to stare off into space, and I have an oral fixation. I spent a good 3 minutes staring at a girl in the library with my mouth wide open . Maybe not creepy creepy, but she was definitely uncomfortable because what snapped me out of it was her slamming her books closed and moving to a different seat.
Other than yo' mama, what's the most disgusting thing you've seen an attractive person do?|I was having lunch in a nice place full of business people. This guy in a very expensive suit, manicure and perfect hair finished his lunch, took his dentures out, liked them off & stuck them back in his mouth
What are some of the best feel-good songs?|The Way You Make Me Feel
What is the worst time to check your phone notifications?|A funeral
Is it true that manufacturers plan obsolescence when designing and building their products?|absolutely
Happy people of Reddit, why are you happy right now?|I'm bringing people joy posting on askreddit
People who wear fuzzy sleep pants, what's printed on them?|Donuts
What are things you could do better with only having one arm?|Being useless
What happened to /r/starlets?|Banned due to the revised rules. I'm assuming the suggestive content involving minors based on the name of the subreddit you asked about. https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/7vxzrb/update_on_sitewide_rules_regarding_involuntary/.compact
How do you picture humanity in 200 years?|With a crazy high resolution camera
What low quality product do people prefer over it's high quality alternative?|PBR over microbrews?
If today was your last day on earth, what would you do?|Lots of heroin
Who is the one author you would and have read everything they have ever written?|I think  have read all the fiction works by Isaac Asimov
What is the funniest thing that triggered Alexa / Google triggering a voice request?|That one South Park episode.
People who have stuck used gum under a table, what was your reasoning?|Too lazy to get up
How do you feel about websites taking comments from Reddit for their own “content”?|**Discover the Ten Reasons Why Reddit Content Makes the Best Recycled Content** *You won't believe number 7.*
What does it mean when someone kisses you when you leave the house?|The search for meaning is begging to suffer.
Redditors who have had law enforcement come into your office building for a serious reason, what happened?|A laborer was caught raping his step daughter.  They came to arrest him.  Apparently he evaded the cops for a week and had been sleeping in a work truck
What is something that the overwhelming consensus is true, but is actually false?|that the Aztecs thought the Spanish conquistadors were gods when they first saw them.
What was your go-to kids meal?|Chili cheese burritossss
Satanic cultists, what is your favorite verse?|Acta est secta
What would your pet(s) say about you if you weren’t around?|I assume one cat would say to the other: >Have you tried *not* being an aloof piece of shit?  His lap really is quite exquisite this time of year, you should try it.
What taught you better self control?|Not rushing things
Why in reddit we have to put double wrap to start a new line?|Because there isn't electronic bubble wrap.
Who were the people(s) that taught you most of the personal values you hold today?|Alan Watts, Eckhart Tolle.
What was the one situation that you passed up that would have changed your life?|Turned down a job at Mi5 and went to sell didgeridoos in Australia instead.
People of Reddit, what is your story on how you conquered mental illness?|Got you that cool helmet.
What is a mathematical reality you wish you could set to trigger perfect lucid understanding during specific weak moments in your life?|A quantified 'one beer too many'
What can't you even?|UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHH
What do you love about yourself?|I’m not an asshole. I’m one of those shmucks that just really try to be a good person to other people. It doesnt pay.
What was a dream you had that was so good you were pissed that you woke up from it?|Any dream that involves having sex
what's something your non dominant hand does that your dominant hand has no idea how to do?|Play guitar.
You embody the narrative of the last song you heard. What is your life like?|Well, a landline has taken my sight, among other things. I cannot live, and I cannot die. Sounds like absolute horror. ^(One by Metallica)
What is your the creepiest experience you've had at work?|When I worked at a bank in Portland, Oregon I had a strange encounter in the basement that-- to this day-- is the only thing that keeps me from saying that I don't believe at all in ghosts.
What was the last thing you ate for the first time?|Pho
What is something that actually happened but no one believes?|I used to hold my piss all day through school and football practice which ended at like 6
What do you do for work?|Shout at Japanese people.
what is the best way to propose a girl?|Don’t
Has there ever been a celebrity that you couldn't stand before that you are now a fan of? Why did you change your mind?|Joe Rogan.  Then I listened to his podcast.
What did you have for dinner?|Chorizo, beans, & rice on a tortilla
What's the most unethical thing you've ever done?|Probably the time I destroyed someones life so that I didn't have to deal with their attempts at destroying mine.
People that have used duo lingo, have you been successful in learning another language to the point where your fluent?|I stopped using duolingo, because it sucked for learning how to actually speak and understand the other language. It was good for learning basic words and being able to read the menu when I first got to the new country. Also, I think it's been shown it's pretty much only useful up to A1 level which is the most basic level. Most people don't consider you fluent unless you're B2-C1.
What's your favorite Winter Olympic sport, and why?|Figure skating
What joke works better when written/typed out as opposed to told verbally?|001101101011100110100010100101011001101010101001011110011010110010100101011010010111100110100101
If you were able to ask one question to have it answered factually and throughly, what would it be?|"What exactly is dark matter/energy?   
Edit more  
What exactly is consciousness?   
How exactly does gravity work?  
Is the universe just a simulation?  
Other than Earth where else is there intelligent life?"
What is the worst non-violent thing you can do to someone?|False allegations
If you could have surgery that would make your body a less efficient consumer of energy, would you? Why?|Personally I would not. However, what you are describing would lead to your body needing to burn more energy, and would be an effective method of weight loss.
What book changed your life?|Green Eggs and Ham
"What screams ""I'm a huge asshole with no common courtesy""?"|Not using your turn signal. People get killed because you're too much of a douchebag to simply flick that little lever.
Besides “I’m moving to Canada”, what is another thing half of america says every 4 years?|"""The two-party system is awful, but fuck you for voting third party in a swing state! You should have voted for  *my* candidate."""
People that used to be all about designer labels and name brands but now just don't care about that. How did you get above it all?|Realised I didn't need them to look good.
What changes would you make to Olympic sports to make them more entertaining?|everyone competes naked
What Olympic sport do you totally love right now, but hate during the 47 months between competitions?|"Skiing
Figure skating
Speed skating"
Reddit, you're shrunk to a size of a nickel and thrown into a blender. The blades will start moving in 60s, what do you do?|Get low to the base of the blender and hope to get under that little black area where the blades. Or conversely before the blender starts moving get on the dead center of the blade spinner and kind of rides the Merry-Go-Round like the teacup ride
Reddit, what oddly specific smell can you instantly recognize?|The smell of bricks.
If you could send anything up into space with the possibility of aliens receiving it, what would you send?|A piece of my maze art.
What is there not enough of in this world?|Rocks
Teachers of reddit, what made you decide to stay in teaching profession?|Decent money, long holidays, enjoyable and rewarding work.
What are some random acts of kindness that can be applied to someone’s everyday life?|Drop your ego, and your energy will be healing to everyone around you.
"Movie Theater workers of Reddit, what are you doing to prepare for the release of ""50 Shades Freed"" which is premiering tomorrow?"|Oh god, there's another one?
The last thing you killed or ate is wiped off the face of the earth tomorrow, what is it you've wiped out and what affect will it have?|Well shit. I just had pork schnitzel and I think I may be one of the most hated people in the world.
You can say one thing to your boss without facing consequences, what is it?|I'm never coming in again.
What was the most inappropriate thing that you have ever seen at a store?|Vibrator, at Spencer's.
What's on your plate for a fry-up?|Fried carnitas is awesome on its own, even better in ramen.
What’d the last thing you searched on Google?|Rainbow kiss.
What things getting replaced by technology do you miss the most?|Getting a landline call. Having my mom or dad answer a call for anyone in the house is a trip to me now.
where do countries generally get their names?|From people. The human kind.
Students of Reddit, have you ever had a relationship with a professor or teacher? What happened?|I got a D
What seemingly great thing annoys you subtly?|Cellphones. It’s a social killer among friends, although no one says it.
What will always be acceptable?|Compassion and kindness <3
If you suddenly lost everyone you know and love, but could have one item to get you through the rest of your life. What item would help you maintain sanity?|My iPod with all of my music.
What might rich WITHIN your wildest dreams consist of?|So rich I can go to class in my underwear and no one says a thing
What is the most embarassing thing you've done as a kid?|"Not me but a buddy, we were playing by a small pond near my house. Out of nowhere he carved a whole in the shore (it was clay) with his index finger and starts going to town on it trying to get me my brother and 2 other guys to start doing it as well "" come on guys it's fun"" became the longest running joke of my life. Oh Ryan, you mischievous little mud humper."
Who was the best teacher you ever had?|My 5th grade teacher. You wouldn’t know her lol
If you were a famous, how would a random redditor describe what its like meeting you on an askreddit about celebrity encounters?|unimpressive. Pretended to know who i was even though we have never met. May be crazy/insane
What sexual encounter you've experienced has most resembled a cliché porno?|I got a blowjob on the nature walk at Boone National Forest. And old man happened by. He did not join in. But he also did not bother to avert his eyes.
What's your favorite thing to do after a hard day's work?|sleep
Reddit, what are your opinions on cheating your way through school or certifications?|Those are the contracted employees in my department who wonder why they never get hired full time.
What’s your best haiku?|I had a haiku. But I don’t remember it. So read this instead.
How did you find your job?|Craigslist ad for a different job.
"At what age and moment/event did you say to yourself ""I'm now officially an adult""?"|After I managed to buy my first car... I felt a new freedom and responsibility.
What's the weirdest food combination that you think tastes good?|Mine is dipping my fries in ice cream
What's your favorite messed up thing from a fairy tale?|Read the original versions of Grimm's fairy tales. They're all pretty fucked up.
What’s a great comment regardless of context?|Today you. Tomorrow me.
What's the creepiest thing you've ever witnessed?|2 Homeless people playing tonsil hockey on a bus stop bench.
What live version of a song do you think sounds better than the album version?|all of Nirvana Unplugged
Bank Tellers of Reddit, what's the strangest thing you've told the bank?|I worked in a bank that would tell me to honor the numeric amount on a check and not the wrote amount. That is a huge no-no. Manager was too lazy to call the the account holder and tell her the error. I refused to run that transaction. I got laid off the next month. The Bank I worked at was a cess pool.
How do you deal with feeling empty?|Marijuana mostly... sometimes alcohol.
When did you realize that you were actually a rebel?|I saw a hologram of anakin.. killing younglings.
"What band is only known for one ""hit"" and what other songs should people be checking out by them?"|"Tears For Fears are much more than just ""Shout"". Check out their first 3 albums."
Which band breakup hit you the hardest?|I was kinda bummed when The Juliana Theory called it quits.  I really liked thier style.
What is #1 on your bucket list?|Get a bucket.
When a rocket is launched from Cape Canaveral what happens if the rocket explodes or goes off course, are people on the ground under it's flight path at risk?|That's the exact reason why the flight path goes out over the Atlantic Ocean.
What is your all time favorite movie one liner?|"""Cool beans"" - Hot Rod"
What is this ice cream soup thing?|It’s what I’m going to use to get my seed out of your mom.
What is the most unexpected piece of wisdom you've received?|Pain is not punishment, pleasure is not a reward.
Which book did you struggle to get through?|Wuthering Heights. The Great Gatsby was difficult but watching the movie helped.
What are some stupid things you did with your GoPro?|Attached it to my dick and tried to take my wife from behind.
What is a simple joy in your life that people find annoying?|I’ll start us off and say Grocery Shopping. I absolutely love looking at all the organized labels. Especially when I’m hungry.
The main character of your favorite show is now out to kill you. How screwed are you?|She can warp all of reality, time & space, i have no chance
What was your first ever gaming platform?|NES
Whats the funniest/craziest Japanese prank/contest you have ever seen?|"Live in Japan, see these shows all the time.  Hands down, the best program ever is the English dubbed version of ""Takeshi's Castle"" known as ""Most Extreme Elimination Challenge."""
People with depression: what gets you through the day?|Meds and the progress I've made in therapy - ie changing my thought processes
What did you miss out on?|my childhood
Do you hate your job? Why?|Honestly, the only reason why I left my old job was because I knew I've hit the ceiling and I knew I was being underpaid for a while. Otherwise, I really enjoyed the work and working with my coworkers. Nice office, too. Big windows with a nice view. Now I face a wall.
why north korea don't want to talk with USA?|Why doesn't North Korea want to talk with the USA? *
What’s your worst whisper app story?|What a whisper app is yo?
What entertainers really should run for political office?|Betty White
What is the worst injury you had in the pool?|Drowning was pretty rough.
What is man's deepest desire?|The greatest joy for a man is to defeat his enemies, to drive them before him, to take from them all they possess, to see those they love in tears, to ride their horses, and to hold their wives and daughters in his arms
Do you ever get the sudden and relentless need to crack your knuckle(s) and why?|I mostly do it out of habit/stress relief, and it feels nice ~~Thanks Kaneki~~
What's your nastiest sexual experience?|Ate a pussy but her clit was hard and almost hook shaped - kept on catching my tongue in the worst way and really creeped me out.
What song do you actually enjoy hearing someone play when they pick up the acoustic guitar at a party?|Freebird
what is the scariest thing you have done in your life?|Dove in a pool broke my neck pretty scary shit
What act in porn really turns you off?|Close up on the dudes face. Entirely unnecessary.
Have you ever had a day so bad that it stops being terrible and starts being funny? What happened?|That is most days.
What is something that has stayed the same for many many years?|The pyramids
Americans of Reddit: what three American television series do you think best represents American society and culture to an outsider?|The Wire (By far the best) Rosanne Good Times
What happened in your life to make you believe that there is a God?|Smoked 5-meo-DMT.
What did you learn embarrassingly late in life?|Raccoon not Ratcoon
What popular songs would be hilarious if covered by a metal band?|Marry Her Anyway
How does one have a relationship with a parent who has become heavily influenced by conspiracy theory and believes, very literally, the opposite of everything you believe and tries to shame your siblings for getting their kids vaccinated?|well.. you don't have to continue the relationship if it's damaging to your family's well-being.       Don't let anyone manipulate, guilt, or control you into continuing a relationship that is harmful after attempts have been made to fix it.
What is something that you rarely, if ever, listen to?|Talk shows...Fuck you Ellen
What's the best Call of Duty game?|MW2
What is something that sounds bad, but is really not?|Dihydrogen monoxide. It just sounds dangerous!
"If intelligent aliens were to land on Earth tomorrow asking us, ""Take us to your leader"", what do you think would happen next?"|depends on which country they landed in and asked...
Do you ever have dejavou so hard that you literally think you can predict what is about to happen next?|When I get really bad deja vu, I'll try doing something completely opposite of how I remember the scenario playing out.
What's one of the unwritten rules in the homeless community?|They're all unwritten. Cardboard signs and pens are reserved for pan handling.
Whats the strangest thing you've ever witnessed someone do on public transit?|I've witnessed myself puke multiple times (not from alcohol, I was just really sick)
What’s a really good Valentines gift for/from your SO?|Oh shit thanks
Reddit, how did you find someone you love?|Tinder
What brings you instant joy?|Michael Jackson's Music, Zelda: Ocarina of Time
What is your favorite subreddit?|r/AskReddit））
People who audibly burp; why?|because I don't care enough about you to stifle it
What are some things about living in a tropical climate that a person might not expect?|Poisonous flora/fauna, parasites, mosquitoes year round, monsoons, uhhhh lots of awful shit.
What trivial thing did you do in childhood that continues to intrude on your waking conscience to this day?|"In 3rd grade I heard a few kids laughing near me, and it made me think that they were laughing at me.     
So I walked up to them and picked out one and asked if he wanted to come to my house to play Super Nintendo later that week.  He looked confused (because, in hindsight, they weren't talking about me), and said sure.      
    
Problem was, I didn't have Super Nintendo.. I had regular NES... my nerved got the best of me, so I said the wrong thing.  In classic 8 year old fashion, I was too embarrassed to correct my mistake.       Anyway, we worked it out, and he came over and we played Nintendo. It ended fine, even though I felt like an idiot when he asked where the Super Nintendo was.       It's a little thing, and in the years that followed my self-confidence and social skills improved.   But to this day it will cross my mind and then become a long string of similar embarrassing events in the 25 years that have followed.       I call those moments my Tour de Fool moments.  They enter my mind and keep me humble."
What is the funniest movie you have ever seen?|Blazing Saddles or Caddyshack.
What are some mysteries you must know the answer to before you die?|I've mentioned this in other posts before. Where the hell my Pokemon game cartridge went. I lost it many years ago and the whole house has been torn apart several times since then. Still a mystery.
Fellow kids, what's the gnarliest slang words you say to your peeps?|Xan
What do you imagine the deep future being like (I.e. 7015)?|Devoid of humans.
Who do you think is the biggest sellout in history?|Benedict Arnold
"Without actually saying your going to get laid. What is your best/funniest way of saying ""im going to get laid?"""|BuSiness time
Chicagoians of Reddit, what are you going to do with your snow day tomorrow?|I'm in Chicago for work...please just let me leave...
What to do if target of NSA targeted surveilence program?|Post more online
[NSFW] What goes through your mind after sex and does it change based on whether your partner was a SO or a one night stand/fwb/casual sex?|>after sex food
What are your thoughts on the riots in Philadelphia after the eagles won the super bowl?|"It's moronic to want to host a parade for your ""town' heroes"" after you've just destroyed the place. Where's the pride?"
People from lesser known countries, what should we know about your homeland?|We're not all so nice.  - Canadian
What are the worst charities?|Red-Cross, Salvation Army, Susan G. Komen
What name-brand product is worth the premium price over generic?|Q-tips. I will never buy generic again.
What's a winter Olympic event that people don't hear about, or even know exist?|Curling - and its great
What is your favourite untrue fact?|if your hand is bigger than your face, you have cancer {hits person's hand into face}
People who thought they'd never get married, where are you now in life involving that?|"Never thought I'd get married.    
Did. 
It was a mistake.   
Had a daughter, and she is wonderful.     
Still (after 5 years) rebuilding from the horrible divorce.     
Will probably never marry again...     
long-term partner? probably... marriage?  no."
What was the biggest risk you took in your life, and what was the outcome?|I came back for a second round of food samples. Nothing, the person didn't care.
What is the best cheer you've ever heard at a sporting event?|Wir sind eure Hauptstadt ihr Bauern - We're your Capital you peasants. When you sing it at away games, even the home staff smile.
What movie do you think is severely underappreciated? Why?|2001 A Space Odyssey. By today's generation anyway. Too slow paced, not enough flashy special effects or obvious story.
Ex-Criminals: Where did you learn to commit your crimes and get away with it for as long as you did?|The best place to learn to commit crimes is in Jail/Prison. Locked up with a bunch of other criminals who will happily tell you how to commit their crimes and tell you how they got caught.
What's the most low-key way to ask someone out on a date?|You hungry?
What would make you refuse to agree to disagree with someone?|When they disagree about facts.
People who invested a large margin of time in something you are passionate about but it didn't work out. How did you deal with it and what's your situation now?|Scientist reporting in. Took 5 years to go through graduate school...that is long for a chemist. Two whole years of that were a complete waste of time, scientifically and academically. Post doc position was a waste of three years of my life. Now I have worked in industry for the last 25 years. Probably 3-4 years of that were completely unproductive. Despite it all, I am successful and respected with patents and products on the market that save lives. My point is that even successful people don’t always travel in a straight line to success. Failures and side tracks are still valuable lessons.
Redditors with cancer, what does/did it feel like physically, emotionally, and how did it affect you spiritually?|Prostate cancer can be a real pain in the ass
What's the most hilariously retarded video you've seen online?|Your high school graduation
What are you really good at when you're drunk.?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What’s a good outfit for this years comic con?|Barnacle boy
Is it possible for cats whiskers to just grow shorter for no reason, if so why?|genetics probably
If you won $60 million in the lottery, what would you do with the money?|Go Snowboarding & Buy fancy Clothes
Women who have sent nudes to men or to other women, how did they react? Did it lead to sex afterwards?|The only time I did i sent them to my at the time bf. They were basically immediately shared to everyone at the school. I was 15. So it lead to the sex ending.
What's a funny joke to break an awkward silence?|"How much does a polar bear weigh? 
Enough to break the ice I went to the zoo the other day. There was only one animal and it was a dog. It was a Shih Tzu"
To what ridiculous lengths have you gone to avoid a certain person or situation?|"Every way possible.
I have mastered the art of escapism"
What's the most mildy inconvenient thing you can think of that annoys you?|Realizing you left the keys in the house right as the door shuts.
What is the best and worst cover version of the same song?|Madonna's cover of American Pie is the worst cover I can think of.
How do you destroy a cult?|Same way you kill a snake. Cut off its head.
Women of Reddit, what examples of sexism do you face in your day to day life?|Pretty neat way to white knight
It has been 73 years since the last Atomic bomb was detonated on a city, what will your reaction be like if one was detonated today on the capital of India by North Korea and what will be your next move as a common man regardless of your nationality?|Get the Fuck out of washington, dc
Reddit, what does love mean to you?|Love is a feeling, it's when someone's happiness makes you happy. Like when they're tired and passed out on the bed, it warms your heart and makes you smile, and you put a blanket around them to make sure they don't get cold. It's like a warm hug when they're happy, and when they're sad you just want to comfort them again.
What makes a perfect breakfast?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
Redditors in relationships, how long into the future do you plan on being with them?|Until one of us dies.
What’s your W-L record in fights?|Karate tournament fights -  About 50-50 maybe.
What’s your go to fast food order?|Subway: footlong veggie sub on white with lettuce, tomato, pickle, cucumber, green peppers and salt.
Why do you believe guys like getting sexy pics of girls they are dating? There are so many sexy pics online?|Because I like seeing people I know naked more than ones I don't. It's more intimate.
Which directors has always released consistently good movies/shows/ext ?|For me it is Edgar Wright
What do you call the female version of a cockblock?|Vag slag
What is your most interesting ancestor and what did he/she do?|King John of England. He gave Robin Hood a lot of shit.
What's your best song to have sex to?|I Just Had Sex (feat. Akon))))
Reddit, how does a single guy in college get a girlfriend?|afaik the kids these days use something called social media
If you could only listen to one album for the rest of your life what would it be?|Animals -Pink Floyd
Has there ever been a time where someone was rejected from some kind of reality show and went on a rant about how they are going to be amazing and better than all of them and then it actually happened?|Susan Boyle may be the best answer to this. She didn't go off on a rant about how much better she was going to be. She just didn't take losing to well.
What was your highlight of the week?|My best friend, admitting to me he almost got scammed. After i told him his new job was a scam
What personality trait can't you stand about yourself, but haven't been able to change?|Talkativeness
What subreddit communities are the most genuine and friendly?|r/Anxiety r/Depression r/freefolk r/prequelmemes
How would you react if, say a couple hundred years from now, humans have basically traveled the entire galaxy and even Andromeda, exploring every last planet, but found that there was no intelligent life on any one of them?|Better go out further then. You've barely even scratched the surface.
If you could only have access to three websites for the rest of your life, what would they be?|Ajit?
What are some small seamlessly ways you can improve your daily quality of life?|"- jog a mile each day. It sucks at first, but you'll feel good over time.                
- quit caffeine       
- do something creative each day: write, draw, code, etc...      
- read a good fiction book just because"
If Reddit existed in the Star Trek universe, what sort of posts would people make?|Captain Kirk, my mother tells me you are my father.
Who is your favorite cartoon character, and why?|I love the complexity of Stewie Griffen
What's an example of an old way of doing things coming back into style?|Double edged safety razors for shaving.  Very cheap compared to brand name disposables and enthusiasm for the tools and process.  Though I think the renewed interest peaked a bit as you don’t see as much about it as you did a couple of years ago
If you had a chance for a “do-over” in life, what would you do differently?|I would have studied programming and video game design in college instead of starting after I was 30.
What is the biggest secret you’ve been hiding from everybody in your life?|Didn’t graduate from high school, slept with a married woman, and I’ve been abusive before.
If you could have any pet (real or imaginary animal), what would it be and why?|Most def some bird
Redditors with good gaydar, what's a telltale sign that someone's in the closet?|First, you need to buy a gaydar at Sharper Image
People who have seen/been on the BangBro Bus, what was that like?|what in the world is the bangbro bus? It sounds wonderful
People of Reddit, what is stressing you out the most right now and how is it affecting your daily life?|A general lack of funds. Over all stressful.
what makes someone ugly?|Their personality.
Straight singles of reddit: Would you consider a relationship with an individual who had sex reassignment?|>sex reassignment  ELI5?
What's something you want to brag about right now?|I'm still alive.
What would Reddit in the Harry Potter world look like?|2 witch 1 cup
"What ""retro"" video games are still fun today?"|"Final Fantasy VII (PS1)     
Sled Storm (PS1)         
Nightshade (NES, point and click game)"
Parents of Reddit, what did you do when/after your child walked in on you having sex?|We laughed. Apparently 20 year olds are disgusted by sex.
What things have humbled you?|Foolish experiences
What is something you will NEVER do again?|Being born
Russian Redditors, what preconceived notions do you have about America? American redditors, what do you imagine Russia as?|I imagine Russia as always being very grey. I realize that they must have sunny days, just like we do, but I just always imagine it as being very grey and somber.
How does your partner feel about you getting tattoos? How do you feel about them getting tattoos?|Doesn’t care, I don’t care.
What's the most well-ordered part of your home?|My PC setup
What's your favorite controversial/misinterpreted public art project?|Rhythm 0.
What is the worst case of co-dependency you have ever seen?|My mom supplied my beer after I failed out of college but was under 21. Definitely contributed to my developing alcoholism
How do you hang your toilet paper?|Over.
What is the best show to binge watch?|bojack horseman
What's your favorite letter that comes before B?|Ayyyy
What book could you not get into, despite raving reviews?|The Bible
When did you realize that adulting sucks?|Since I was born
What is an indicator that a person is an amazing genius?|They watch rick and morty
What truly is a fate worse than death?|Living in constant, intense pain and be completely aware of it at all times.
What extreme sports do you do?|Extreme procrastination.
What are some subreddits run almost exclusively by one person?|r/serialpodcastorigins.  Remember the podcast Serial?  Its about a guy named Adnan Syed that killed his girlfriend, Hae Min Lee, in 1996.  That sub is dedicated to the discussion of not just the podcast, but the entire case as it continues to drag through the legal system.  It’s by far the best source of police and attorney files, transcripts, legal notes, source documents, etc, and a source-linked timeline of the case (spanning decades) that seems like something the FBI would produce.  Shoutout to u/justwonderingif.  It’s been a while ;)
What memorable teachers did you have? How did they have that impact on you?|Mostly bad experiences  There are a lot of teachers who shouldn't be teaching My favorite though? My Earth Science teacher in 9th grade freshman year  Dude looked like an old mobster,has this presence about him,was cool as shit,and had the most outrageous rant about Pittsburgh (We don't even live in PN)
What is something that you lose almost every day?|My will to live
What is your life philosophy?|nobody care anybody try to enjoy your moment
What is your go-to way of making new friends?|Get drunk with friends and if they have their friends with them, we usually become friends too.
When the going gets tough, what keeps you going?|Alcohol
Snapchatters of Reddit, do you like or dislike the new Snapchat update, and why?|DISLIKE! It's super crowded and busy on the page where you show your snapchats. And there's a list of everyone, including people I don't actively snap.
What's the biggest mistkae you ever made?|The title of a post
What are you looking forward to seeing during the winter Olympics?|Snow
What is one life lesson you have learned from your ex?|It's better to be alone than to be with a dickhead.
What piece of good news can we celebrate with you?|It's payday tomorrow.
What’s something that’s becoming less rare all the time?|Gold
What do you plan to do, and what gift do you plan on giving this Valentines Day?|"Nothing says ""I Love You"" like 5000 rounds of her favorite pistol ammo."
What is something you learned to co-exist with?|I got to take whatever they throw at me. My property doesn't matter
What is the strangest thing you wanted to do to your SO?|Squeezing her boob while saying “honk honk.” She wasn’t happy.
Gentlemen of Reddit, what is your favorite random boner story?|Narb
What is something, no matter how small, that provided satisfaction for you within the last 48 hours?|Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty
What’s your best spaghetti recipe?|Damn I was just trying to get some ideas for valentines but fuck you guys too
If you were only allowed to listen to one musical artist for the rest of your life, who would you choose?|Michael Jackson His music is fucking timeless, So many classics
People currently taking a dump, how's it going on your end?|Not too great, ive been here for 20 minutes and barely anythings dropped on out
Amateur porn creators of Reddit! How's your experience been so far?|I've mostly only shared nudes on kik. Fun and hot, but I have a weird fear of blackmail.
Why did you get Reddit?|I didn't. Reddit got me
What is the worst thing a member of your family has ever done?|Cannibalism and raped a dead cat in font of a school bus. Shes my sister and I love her though.
Which subreddit didn’t you realize how much you needed?|/r/The_Dennis
What's the funniest way you got caught watching porn?|Fuck Bluetooth... that is all
What’s the most eerily accurate prediction you’ve had?|Things will get worse before they get better
What's your go to make me feel happy song?|Brandy by looking glass
Americans, how do you feel about your state and the people in it?|California is alright, theres good and bad. I dont play politics though.
How do you like spending your weekends?|Living the dream. Doing nothing, and watching kung-fu.
Russian Redditors, what preconceived notions do you have about America? American redditors, what do you imagine Russia as?|I imagine Russia as always being very grey. I realize that they must have sunny days, just like we do, but I just always imagine it as being very grey and somber.
When did you realize you weren't making it to the NBA?|When I was born white
What do you predict Oprah will do with her wealth when she dies?|Eat it.
What song do you think is overplayed?|Despacito
When did you ever beg an SO to take you back or give your love a chance?|I always hear stories from individuals whom were begged to give someone a chance at a relationship or to take someone back. However, we rarely hear stories about the person who had to muster the effort and courage to beg.  Curious what is your story and do you regret it today?
"What ""older"" video games are still fun today?"|Tetris
What's the movie you watch the most frequently?|Wall-e
How do one get matches on tinder? and how many are normal for an average Joe?|Be not ugly, and be witty
Reddit people, what’s the most recent experience that made you proud of yourself?|I bought a random steam game bundle and gave away the keys on Reddit.
Are women really gold diggers? Or is it just a dumb stereotype? Why or why not?|Some are, some aren't.
What do you think should happen to all the channels tat are still broadcasting spaceX launch and Rocket-Man as LIVE EVENTS ON YouTube?|BURN THEM
What do you think of the idea that guys really like to have sex with a new girl verse the same girl over again because their nature?|It's not just a guy thing.
What smells bad, but tastes good?|Aged cheese
When have you felt the sorriest for the opposite gender?|Accidental boners
Successful people of reddit who didn't go to college or dropped out, what do you feel helped you the most in becoming successful?|rich parents
What's that noise in the attic?|Shia Labeouf
You are a burglar in someone's house, but instead of stealing, you make their lives a little bit more inconvenient. What is your crime?|shit on the floor
What iOS games are actually worth buying?|monument valley
What's the best/funniest thing you've ever seen written in a bathroom stall?|"""Your vote was a hate crime"" ""Your comment was vandalsim... And so is this."""
Why would an ex look at your Instagram constantly when he has a new girlfriend who he claims he loves?|Because he still cares about you. I recently got out of a long term relationship, it ended pretty badly and I would never want to get back together but I still check her social media because I want to know how she’s doing. Or maybe he just wants to be friends.
What are three things you need to buy?|"Contact solution 
Dress shoes
Tacos"
If life had a Frequently Asked Questions page, what would be listed on it?|When am I going to die?
What are some tips you have for cooking a damn good steak?|Leave steak out at room temp for 30-45 minutes before cooking. Preheat oven to 500 with cast-iron skillet inside. Take out the skillet, Immediately put it on a burner on high heat, drop in the steak. 30 seconds, flip, 30 seconds, and then right back in the 500 oven.  3 and 1/2 minutes will get you in the medium-rare range, but it depends on the thickness of the steak you are cooking.
Doctors & med professionals of Reddit: what procedures do you perform on others that you would not want done on you?|If I were a veterinarian, I'd not want my family to have me put down because they got tired of me.
People who don’t drink: What do you have with your steak?|Pepsi or Coke.
What's the last text you sent?|♡♡♡
How did you win the argument?|You win all arguements when you dont have one in the first place. In all seriousness, make good points, back up points with good evidence with credible sources, and provide great counter arguements and you'll be fine.
"What was a ""Don't tell your mother"" moment you've had with your dad?"|I was six. He took me to an apartment where two sisters lived. One of them sat with me in front of the TV, and he disappeared with the other into a bedroom. An hour later, we went to the bowling alley, he called my mother, and he said to never tell her where we went. I had no clue what was going on at the time, but I caught on as I got older.
What’s your thoughts on a girl staying the night at your place and she brings over a sleeping kit with Star Wars shirt to sleep in?|That’s actually preferred
You are given 1 million dollars and 1 year to make a self sustaining startup, if you fail all of your purchases and left over cash are repossessed. What is your plan to succeed?|Real estate investment firm.
What place is always way too busy?|The DMV
Think of a random object. What was the first thing you thought of, and why (if you know)?|Spatula I'm not sure- I think I saw one in a cooking video an hour ago.
What's the dumbest reason you were arrested?|Failure to appear for expired plate tickets on my birthday.  But I got a ham and cheese hotpocket so there is that
What movie would change dramatically if you were the main character and why?|Any movie, really. Movies tend to have a story worth telling in some capacity. I am rather mundane.
What makes a girl cute vs. sexy?|Clothes, attitude, personality, glasses
What is your passion?|I want to be a drummer but holy hell its hard
People in places with tarantulas/venomous snakes, how often do you find one in your home and what do you do about it?|The huge majority of tarantulas don’t have medically significant venom. They never walk into my house sadly, it’s too cold.
What would be worse, a week with no internet or a week with no soap?|A week with no soap. I've got my books, my camera, and a backlog of photos to process. I need my hygiene.
What is the equivalent sand paper grit of human skin?|I don't think there is one? That would make for an awful sand paper, considering if you say for example start rubbing a pointed corner of a block of wood, it takes like hours to smooth that out with your hand.  The only reason I know this was because I was bored in math in elementary school.
Procrastinators of Reddit, what’s your worst procrastination story?|I'll tell it to you later.
What’s your favorite thing to do while lucid dreaming?|you know...
What do you do with random bouts of energy?|Fap
Couples that brag about how good their relationships are on facebook, why ?|Purely anecdotal, but the only times I’ve done that (overly) is when I wasn’t actually happy. I didn’t want people to know how bad things were, so I created a different image. I’m not sure but I was probably trying to convince myself as well... That being said, my current relationship is a happy, good one and while maybe once or twice every few months I may post a pic of something really thoughtful he did or something like that, its purely out of happiness and wanting to share it with my friends and family.
What automatically constitutes someone as an asshole?|People who get angry when honest mistakes or simple errors occur. Like when a restaurant meal is prepared slightly incorrectly.
What's the most fucked up thing you've done for money?|Sold 8 to 10 hours a day of my life, 5 days a week. Every week, for the last 10 years of my life.  I'm 25.
What was your most frustrating moment this week?|"I had to finish a shit ton of dishes at the kitchen I work at by 3 when I was supposed to sign out. Buddy came with another huge amount of dishes for me at 2:15. Earlier the idiot manager told me that we had to sweep, mop and put forks on trays before we left.  If I bust my ass I can usually get the dishes done by 2:45. How the hell did the dingbat manager think I could do all this by 3? 
  Never got along with managers because theyre always pulling shit like this."
If “I’m going through a tunnel” was a default way to get out of a conversation in the 80’s and 90’s, what is the current default phrase to end one?|"Don't say anything; just hang up, and later apologize for the line or signal getting cut.
  
Old phones had to be literally hung up, so the person on the other end heard you do that to them. Nowadays you just hit a touchscreen button and they're gone."
Former adult film actors/actresses, at what age did you retire, and what did you pursue after retiring?|I'm not in adult films, but I masturbate to people that are quite frequently.
What is the worst experience you've had when meeting a professional athlete?|Scott Zolak told me to shut up
I work for the Humane Society and we need more animal names...what is your animal named?|Vordt of the boreal valley.
What’s the worst food to eat cold?|Eggs.
If people came with a relationship history, carfax for people. What would yours say?|Error: History not found.
What are some of your favorite Simpsons prediction episodes?|the one where mike pence went gay for an olympic figure skater.
Do women actually like the taste of cum? If so why?|Depends on if your cum tastes good or not.
Your life has just been made into a video game. What are the names of each level and who are the boss''?|/r/outside The only boss is Death.
What are some strange food combinations that taste good?|"Cheese and jam, 
peanut butter and marmite on toast
Peanut butter and scrambled egg sandwhich 
Peanut butter and banana
Peanut butter and apple"
What is the craziest thing that has happened in your neighborhood?|Walking to my apartment one day and I noticed blood trickling down the street. Got a bit closer and realised that it was coming down the stairs. Walked up the stairs and saw blood splatters all over the walls and ceiling. Got to my front door and saw that it was covered with blood. Tried to open the door but it was locked. After a few seconds I could see my wife peeking through the letterbox. She quickly opened the door, pulled me in and locked it again. Turns out our neighbour who had a security business in the next apartment (probably yakuza) had fired an employee. The employee went home, got a big knife and came back to start hacking his old boss to pieces.
What do you absolutely have to have to get through your day?|Oxygen
What's your favorite Disney Channel movie?|The Lizzie Mcguire Movie! Wow that brings back memories.
How do you open the door from the inside when someone in a public restroom leaves without washing their hands?|With my hand.
What are some good things that are becoming more and more common?|Clean water in impoverished areas. Also taco bell delivery.
What was your biggest mistake in life?|Opting to stay mad at a friend over petty shit and then she died in a car accident before I could apologize or tell her I loved her. I will never make that mistake again.
What would happen if every roommate you've ever had all showed up in your living room right now?|My wife and I would be sitting here on the couch with a guy with a dead guy.
What's the difference between irony, pun, satire and sarcasm?|Irony - A difference between what is expected and what actually occurs. Pun - Using a word that sounds like another word in place of that word. Satire - A work meant to criticize some aspect of society, often through humor or irony. Sarcasm - Saying one thing, but meaning another.
Older gents and ladies of Reddit, what is something you regret not doing in your 20s?|Working out regularly. I spent so much time at work and eating out I didn't keep myself in the best shape.
What currently existing TV show would you personally like to see in a format similar to The Office/Parks and Recreation and why?|Game of thrones, because it would be funny as hell.
Who is the bonafide GOAT of your sport?|My sport is self-loathing, and I hold all the records.
What would be the worst medium for doctors to use, to tell people they have cancer?|by meme
What are some of Reddit’s inside jokes?|Broken arms.
What would famous historic people say to “The Declaration of Independence” ?|"""Hey, I signed that."""
How important is it to you to be patriotic? Why?|Not super important, but having pride in your country can urge you to make choices that are beneficial to your homeland and its people.
What is the most absurd or financially irresponsible loan that you have seen someone take out? What was the fallout?|Buy here pay here car dealerships. 500 dollar monthly payments for 3 years on a 10 year old car with 141k miles.
Cleanly people of Reddit, how do socks get lost in the laundry?|If they're small enough they legit get sucked into the drain of the washer sometimes. Our washer was giving an error code recently and when I got in there, sure as shit one of my son's socks was clogging up the works
What moment in your life do you enjoy looking back on occasionally?|college
Do you respect women as much as men? Why or why not?|I think I do. I want to believe I do.  But some moments in my life make me question that and it makes me sad.
If you are giving infinite life span, in exchange you will give out one of your sense, what would you give ?|Smell
How does a government shutdown affect you?|I heard someone might be opening a lemonade stand without a license
What’s the craziest thing that’s happened in your dorm room?|I opened my door and an arrow flew past my face once. People were practicing for archery in the hallways.  Also, someone broke my door open so I had to lock it with chairs.
What is the most important thing in your life?|Power and control, I need to demonstrate this at all times.
Retail workers of Reddit, what customer do you still remember to this day?|The woman who tried to return a broken teapot that she purchased at a yard sale.
What's it like to be in an open relationship?|Honest with no bullshit and a whole lotta fun.
Lurkers that made it to the front page of reddit, at what point did you realise you created a masterpiece? What was the post?|I've done it a few times on alternate accounts.  I can tell you that you know almost right away.  Your question gets an immediate, genuine response - not a troll response - and builds from there. The hard part is to not jump in and respond to people right away.  The more you do, the less others seem to comment.
What did we forgive or forget too soon?|Hitler
What have you perfected the art of?|The art of procrastinating and not studying, but still maintaining a gpa upwards of a 3.5
Would someone with no idea of ghosts or things thay go bump in the night be just as scared of the dark as people normally are? Why or why not?|yes i think a fear of the unknown has always been a part of us
What's the funniest thing you have read on reddit?|The story of Kevin.
Reddit, who has the best story of their worst job ever?|Obama
What’s the past tense of “wake and bake?” Woke and baked? Waked and baked? Waked and boke? Woke and boke?|Work and Bork.
What movie is actually terrifying?|Avatar
You are 25 years old again. What do you do differently?|Get in shape and stay that way. Also, protect your hearing kids - it sucks when that goes away.
What will be the biggest thing that sticks in your mind when you think about this decade?|Trump
Hi Reddit, what's your name?|Reddit Q. Redditerson
What's the weirdest superstition you've ever come across?|Someone told me I'd poison myself if I drank the foam on top of my beer.....
What were you born to do?|If I knew that, I'd be doing it
People who work at fast food restaurants. Why is it a big deal to give an extra dipping sauce?|Its not. I would give you the whole box if you wanted
Who is the most interesting redditor you've come across, and why are they so interesting?|His name is banal_animal. Because he's so cool! :)
People of reddit who have partaken in a game of Russian roulette, why?|It was a semi-automatic and I was going 2nd.
Where were you when Y2K turned out not to be the apocalypse?|A New Year’s Eve party
What would you show someone who says nothing scares them in order to scare them?|Pull out a gun
What happy ending in a movie pissed you off because you secretly wished it happened to you irl?|Mother
What is one video that is guaranteed to piss off the majority of the people in the world?|Anything with Jake Paul
Who/what were you last vulnerable to and why?|I don't remember. I purposely blocked those memories. All I know is that it ended horribly and that I don't know if I could ever be vulnerable again.
Are people born in 1999 overall more similar to those born in 1998 or 2000, and why?|I know most people might say 1998 because the numbers are similar, but as someone born in 1999 (and January at that), for Americans at least, I'd say we have more in common with those born in 2000 like not being able to vote in the 2016 election while most born in 1998 were able to.  Also, with 9/11, even though it's unlikely for anyone born in these years to remember it, 1998 people would've been 3 at the oldest, which is when memories usually start compared to those born in 1999 who would've been 2 and 1 at the oldest.
What was your best Friday night ever?|I fell asleep under the stars with my SO early in our relationship. We've been together for 5 years and are going strong!
What are some great and not easily noticed backhanded compliments?|You are the best person I just talked to
What does your work do terribly productivity wise?|Offer VTO to like 50-70 people, then increase our shift's hours to compensate.
Canadians who support Trump. How do you feel about Trudeau?|**PEOPLEKIND**
How do you know when you love someone?|you. just. know. (apparently)
What was the reason “that kid” got expelled from school?|He set a car on fire in the school parking lot.
What is your (insert adjective) story?|It was a really uneventful madlib
Who’s your favorite ‘The Office’ character besides Michael, Jim, or Dwight?|Creed
What are your scariest sleep paralysis stories?|I've tried to give it to myself several times, never managed to. Scariest story I have is wasting an hour and a half in bed trying to lucid dream, and nothing more than that annoying feeling of your legs wanting to move coming from it.
What is your favorite inexpensive hobby?|Drawing
If you were a ghost that could travel through time, who would you posses first? Why?|The guy who shot Franz Ferdinand to make him not do that.
Former smokers of Reddit, what was a food/ scent that you were able to appreciate way more after quitting?|I smoked for a few years and after quitting I did not really notice any changes in my taste buds or scent, I did realize how awful smokers smell though.
What is the most ridiculous question someone has asked on r/AskReddit?|What is the most ridiculous question someone has asked on r/AskReddit?
"Reddit, what do you associate with the name ""Madeline""?"|The cartoon of course. And it's terrible but incredibly catchy song.
What's the biggest belief that you've changed your mind on?|That sharing your girlfriend makes you less of a man. My current girlfriend opened me up to this amazing sexual experience. At first I resisted the idea due to my toxic masculinity. But when she threatened to leave me I gave it try. I was totally wrong! It is so sexy watching my girlfriend get pleasures by another man. It’s also just a good experience for her. I don’t have to watch it. Sometimes I’ll just play Nintendo Switch in the other room with a cool glass of soy milk. Let this be a lesson to you macho man out there. Show the world that you have real balls and try this out.
If you won the lottery, what would you do?|Get rid of my college debt
What is the silliest nightmare you’ve ever had?|Pennywise the Clown from the original IT movie told me to change into pajamas before going to sleep.
What's the weirdest way you've found a song that you absolutely love?|Probably not the weirdest way, but I've found a song and artist I love for the first time once from making sure to watch the credits of a movie.  I'm not sure how many people do that.
What is the best way you can describe internet culture?|There are 2 kinds of people.
What can you do to instantly make a sandwich 10 times better?|Put chips in it.
What have you learned from your ex?|Not to tell her everything that is potentially damaging to my reputation.
What are some things worth saving money for?|Retirement, a house, kids
Redditors that speak more than one language, what is a phrase that you love to use in one language that just doesn’t translate to the other language(s)?|"*God kanker tyfus tering*  This is a Dutch curse that is roughly used as the long and more guttural version of ""Well fuck me blind"". It is meant to convey utter dismay. It literally translates to ""god cancer typhoid consumption"". Us Dutchies love to use diseases as swear words."
What dream/nightmare did you have that came true?|Dying alone
Redditors that used to be wealthy and lost it all, what happened?|97 economic crisis,my family lost the construction company they owned on my birth year
What programming language do you fancy?|JavaScript
If you could go back and tell your 7th grade self one piece of motivational advice, what would it be?|Pussy isn’t as important as you think. Save money and buy property.
"What is an ""easy"" goal that you have yet to achieve?"|Successfully whistle. I’m 25, still have never been able to do it.
Other than Jar-Jar, who are the most universally hated characters in nerd culture?|Sheldon Cooper Snerkel
Happy couples of reddit who've been together longer than 10 years, what's your secret to a good relationship?|Mutual respect, total honesty and laughing together.
What minor stupid thing did you do/say that you still kick yourself for, even though no one else likely remembers it?|When I was in Kindergarten, I was allowed to read a book to any class in the school. Being a Kindergartener, I chose the 5th grade class. While I was reading, I accidentally said, “Murdered” instead of, “muttered”. I think that some kids might have laughed a little and I doubt anyone remembered a few days later, but I still can’t forget it, over 9 years later.
What did you think was funny until you found out all the details?|Life.
What is something harmless you have done to get back at your significant other (whether they knew you did it or not)?|I was upset one night after an argument. I peed. Then realized the seat was down. So I put it up.
What do you always avoid at all costs?|"""Taxation is theft"" people. I want to work for the irs after I get my bachelors, so it's fair to say I disagree."
What’s the most interesting county you have been to? Have you ever gone out of your country? If not then why?|USA is a huge fucking place.
If you could do a backflip while on skis, what would you want as a prize?|A clean change of underwear, as I would most likely have done it accidentally and thought I would die the whole time.
What is your dream job?|film director
What is your most valued possession?|My health (if that counts).
"When have you been your most ""woke""?"|Incoming missile alert.  That shit woke me real fast.
What Sub-reddit You Like Most?|r/AskReddit)))
What are some of the wierdest last names you have heard?|Householder.
Lawyers of Reddit, what's the scummiest thing someone did on their will?|Not a lawyer, but there was a video some time ago where this guy in his will to I think his son, a giant dildo collection. A “collection of plastic cocks”.
What's a named dance you can do?|Shuffle
What kind of pet do you have and what’s its name?|Not me but my friend has a Quail named Goat and a Goat named Quail :)
Ever been to any places where you encountered anything paranormal or been to a place that gave you creepy vibes?|My friends house always gave me the creeps, idk why. Now that I think about it his parents always had costume parties at their house.. I don’t know why they always went in ghost costumes though
Do you believe every adult American should still be allowed to vote, no matter how low their IQs may be?|Yes. IQ is not an accurate measurement of intelligence.
What is something you've succeeded at although you didn't enjoy doing it?|Sharting
What do you do for fun?|joke over my wife, but I still love her very much)
What's the creepiest thing that happened to you in college?|Was working at a fast food restaurant when a man comes up to order. We make small talk I put his order in and then go about the rest of my night. He comes up later to hand me a slip of paper and then walks off grinning. He had written a love letter to me and was at least 20 years older than me
What is another story structure besides the Hero's Journey?|A stranger comes to town
What are your school dance stories?|Okay so it’s my senior prom. Everyone’s on the dance floor and of course there are several people grinding and such. All of a sudden, everyone starts backing up away from the center of the dance floor. I follow suit and run off to the side with my friends—in the middle of the floor lies a blood-soaked tampon. Memorable, but damn I wish I had kept my heels on.
What are your favorite memories of your grandparents?|My grandma doesn’t like having grey hairs so her and my grandpa regularly dye their hair together. It’s a cute little thing that they do and I think it’s sweet.
People who donate/subscribe to streamers - why do you do it?|I want to make sure that the ones that I appreciate as people *know* that I do. As for the rest of them, I like fucking with them via text to speech.
How close are Yiddish and German?|Closer than one might think
What's something you have done that seemed 'dumb/unnecessary' to a bystander, but if they had only known an additional fact, they'd understand you?|For me, I recently bought toothpaste that was smaller in volume at a higher price point. There was someone beside me, and I could feel them judging me. I only did this because I fly frequently, and the cheaper tube was over 100 mL, whereas the one I chose was exactly 100mL (you can't fly with over 100 mL as carry-on).
What's the most surprising thing you've learned about yourself from other people?|That people were afraid of me.
High level organized criminals, or prosecutors thereof, what does Hollywood get right? What does it get wrong?|Courtroom scenes. My neighbor is a DA in a large metropolitan area. He loved the series The Night Of but hated the courtroom scenes because they were so Hollywood.
People who dropped a toothbrush in the toilet, what was your next move?|To pick it up, throw in the the trash and wash my hands with warm water and soap.
What's your favorite kind of hummus?|Plain, with some cumin.
People of Reddit missing a sense: how does the lack of missing a sense affect the others?|"Sigh.... most are missing common sense which effects ""ALL"" the others  around them."
What are some memorable instances you’ve seen of people getting things their way by being very confident?|The November 2016 U.S. Presidential Election.
People who knock on the door of a locked single-occupancy public restroom - why?|I have little faith in people, checking to see if some moron locked the door and then crawled under it and left.
How long would you wait for someone to propose or how soon would you propose?|Whenever I felt like that's what I wanted is when I would propose. I wouldn't wait for someone else to propose.
Sleep-deprived people of reddit, what's been keeping you up?|Anxiety/depression
What are your boring/mundane celebrity links?|For example,I used to collect prof stephan hawkings trash
Why do they design seatbelts so the center seatbelt clip won't fit into the other seatbelt handles?|Less surface area is more Affective
How hard is it to make money on Farming?|"Impossible. Source: grew up on a farm.  A REAL farm,  where every dollar I ate be it an ear off corn held back from market or an ear of corn bought as corn bread at the store was purchased by the sweat of my father's(and later my own and my siblings brows)  Land is about 5-6k an acre in many farming areas.  To have enough land to do farming as a true life sustainable business, not a hobby, you need between 2 and 4000 acres.   To farm that land you need to purchase between 200k and 1m in equipment depending on the cash crops, your desired quality and your ability to fix the cheaper equipment that WILL break.  The expensive stuff breaks too but might get a season or two in before you have any major repairs 
Which brings us to tools, you'll need probably 2 to 3 K in tools minimum. Better to plan on 10 as you'll want some more specialty items that are rare but must have when needed.   You'll then want a place to store them,  looking at probably 30 to 40 to put up a decent un insulated shed big enough to store your equipment and work on them.  
Which brings us to free time,  do you have any?  If so plan to give it up 13 months of the year.   If you're not planting, you're caretaking. If you're not caretaking you're harvesting. If you're not harvesting you're repairing. If you're not repairing you're not farming.  Tldr If you didn't grow up on a farm,  have a childless uncle who farmed, or already have enough money to retire but are looking for the dumbest way to blow that nest egg you'll not do it as a business,  if you are independently wealthy you can do a hobby farm which is a hole in the ground you throw money into for fun.  Edit also on equipment prices that 1m is still a decade old used equipment, brand new a single tractor will be 1m before you add the leather wrapped place you bang your head against while fixing it. Also as example of how much real farming sucks.  I and every farm kid I know spent literally months of our lives (true time not like it's been 3 months but like if you don't count sleep,  shitting, eating,  crying and planning an escape time it still equals months) picking up rocks by the 5 gallon bucket full.  (Why you ask? Because rocks are literally pushed out of the soil by the freeze thaw cycle and a rock any bigger than a 50 cent piece has the potential to irreparably harm a $75 to $150 part) I got paid at 6 years old .25 for every 5 gallon bucket of rocks I picked out of fields. And I was the luckiest farm kid around because I got paid at all.   We were one of the ""wealthiest"" farm families around.  Dating in HS I literally had parents tell their daughters to date me because I was a land baron esque heir lol"
dear reddit, what is a unique and particular muscle memory reaction you poccess due to years of experience from a job or hobby?|"I've been operating a forklift for over 15 years, the ""gear"" shifter on most machines is where the turn signal is in cars. Because of this I've turned on my left indicator fully expecting to be in reverse. Also, I can tie a thumb knot in my sleep I've done it so many times."
Reddit, just ate a fuckload of cheese today. What's the longest you've ever gone without pooping?|I'm excited to see where this post goes
What CDs did you have when you were a kid/teenager that you would be embarrassed of today?|NOW that’s what I call music volume 3 and Lou begas mambo no. 5
What has Reddit taught you today?|Tool has a song called *Hooker With A Penis*
Which is the best age of girls' marriage?|15
"Assuming that you plug your device in to charge before it dies, what is your proverbial ""jumping ship"" percentage?"|"> what is your proverbial ""jumping ship"" percentage? I don't understand what this means."
Men of Reddit, what stories were you told about menstruation before you got the truth ?|Yeah...  Um, there are no stories.  Men don't talk about that.  Not ever.
People who just barely clear a bit of snow off of their vehicles and leave a heaping amount on there, why the hell do you do this?|If I can see where I'm going, it's good enough :)
Would you save a stray dog or a child, and why?|Dog, Child can figure the shit out on it’s own.
What are some of the best legitimate ways to earn some side money that most people don’t know about?|PayPal me and I'll give you the secret
People who love tinder: why?|Because sex?
What was the worst advice you were given as a child?|Cursive is important.
When you peruse Reddit, what does your inner voice sound like?|Some of us don't have inner voices
"Women of Reddit, What are your ""go to"" phrases/ actions when trying to give hints to a guy you like?"|"""You're so cute"""
What's the most underrated thing?|Clean bedsheets after a nice shower.
What seemingly delicate things annoys you hugely?|When someone steals an askreddit question and rewords it slighty to be 'sneaky' :(
How can we make peeing cooler?|Decrease our internal body temperature
How did you get over a breakup with someone that you worked with and saw on a daily basis/shared mutual friends?|She cheated on me, and we broke up 2 days later when she told me.  We worked together for another 6 months. It was honestly extremely awkward, but we both knew what she had done, and I think she felt bad about it.  I didn't really forgive her, but didn't hold much of a grudge, as I knew that teen-aged girls just suck (I was 17 at the time).  We stayed on decent, friendly enough terms to work together because I appreciated that at least she told me and we broke up as opposed to her lying about it or hiding it.  It was still weird though.
People who have done BDSM, why? What's your story?|It's a fetish since childhood, though I'm strictly into soft bondage and not into the heavier stuff that involves pain or domination. Until today, I can't get hard, let alone cum, unless I'm bound and gagged
What's the best song you have ever listened to?|Axel F
Anyone tell me how to change my profile pic on my reddit account?|https://www.reddit.com/user/username/about/edit/
Your dog can now talk, what has he been wanting to say to you this whole time?|May I have some more?
You get to remove one public fixture or building from existence. What do you eliminate and why?|The new world trade center. :)
When and how did you realize you fell out of love with your significant other?|After he cheated and abandoned me for 5 months. Not sure why it took that long.
How many guys does it take before a gangbang just becomes gay porn?|1.
What’s the best way to find a new home for an aggressive dog?|House with a big fenced in yard or open acreage. I had a Shepherd/Boxer mix 93lb. He was happiest on my 1.5 acre open lot.
Why did you lose it?|Virginity had to go some day
Redditors that save popular gifs and then wait a few weeks to repost them, what do you do while you're waiting?|Savor the irony.
How many sexual partners have you had? How many do you regret?|All of them except for 1.
What makes you turn into Gollum ?|Spanking it. No wait, that makes me turn Japanese.
What is something about WW2 most people aren't aware of?|I've seen some americans unironically saying the US was responsible for the allied victory. All I can do is *laugh in Russian*.
Men of Reddit, what would you like to receive for Valentine’s Day?|200 dollars cash
What did you do as a child that you're genuinely ashamed of or cringe at now?|having participated in a practical joke that made someone feel awful as a preteen.  Purposefully setting someone up to make a fool of themselves for your own enjoyment is pretty fucking sick when you think about it for half a second.
What’s the best way some one has described an aspect of you?|When they tell other people, not just straight to your face. It seems more genuine that way
What is it called when you only eat vegans?|Cannibalism
What's the weirdest thing you believe in?|30 years from now the world will be so different we won't be able to recognize it. Technology will have advanced by leaps and bounds, and it will be freaking awesome.
What's the most annoying/embarrassing thing your pet has ever done?|Watched me take a dump and have sex and didnt join in
What are some laws from your state that really annoy you?|In my country states don't make any important laws, so nothing.
Is political violence ok and if so where is the line?|"Never. The line is ""violence"". Words cannot be violence."
Employers of Reddit, what positions are you finding hard to fill?|HR
Have there ever been any commercials where the characters in them died at the end?|This is an incredible idea.
How often do you have a dream then in the near future the event in the dream plays out in real life and you realise you’ve seen this in your dream?|More often than I would like.  About the time I realize I have dream it, however, I forget what happens next...
People of Reddit:What is the story behind your user-name?|It means something like Pussy Predator in portuguese. It comes from a brazilian song.
What's the worst thing you've put yourself through to prove a point?|College
"Gifted students of Reddit, what was it like growing up as ""the smart kid""? Has it affected your adult life in any way?"|Not at all as much as I hoped it would. Turns out it really doesn’t count for much once you stop having regular tests and exams.
Is it hard being a woman? why or why not?|There are pros and cons for both genders
What tv show has the best theme song to it?|The Office, hands down
What is a good quality feature-length 3D animated film outside of DreamWorks and Disney?|9 is okay.
What bothers you the most in the world of politics?|There doesn't seem to be any repercussion for just lying through your teeth.   People don't seem to give a shit about the truth anymore.
Which music acts would make guest appearances during your super bowl halftime show?|Given my relative anonymity and non-existent social status, probably some really shit ones.
Reddit, what brings you the most nostalgia of your childhood?|Michael Jackson, Ocarina Of Time, Sailor Moon, Beyblade
What's one book you believe you wouldn't have appreciated if you'd read it at a different time in your life?|Harry Potter
What are some things most people don't know about having a job on a boat?|As soon as you get past the first few weeks it's smooth sailing
If you could choose one person who is no longer alive to interview Donald Trump, who would you choose?|Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
What is one your hard life’s lessons you learned as a child?|Friends leave.
What are you very relieved by?|The day watch. They'll be here any minute now.
What name do you think our pets call us?|What if they bring the stick back to us because they think we like throwing it?
What's a TV Show that got darker as the audience grew up?|Hey Arnold!
Guy/Girl twins of Reddit: how do you respond when people ask if you're identical?|We were going to be triplets, but Sharon here decided to eat my identical twin in the womb.
What are some careers/jobs for someone who doesn't care about pay but just wants to feel good and help people?|nonprofit work
What’s your favourite kind of weather?|78, sunny, slight cool breeze.
What is something nice you did for someone, just for the sake of doing something nice, and you are the only one that knows who did it?|Gave a iPhone charging cord + car charger to someone who could not afford it.
What is your most memorable video game sound?|"Wasted ""GTA"""
What is something that seemingly annoys a lot of people, but doesn't bother you?|"The word, ""moist"". I'm surprised by the number of people that tell me they can't stand this word."
Do you prefer Android or iPhone, and why?|Android because I can't buy a new iphone for $160.
What's something that you think you do very subtly that's pretty obvious to anyone watching you?|Wiggle my nose. It's sort of like a tic
What did you think of the book?|I touched my shelf
What is your favorite gif comment?|"""Charlie can have one too."""
"What conditions would need to exist for someone to be considered ""above the law""?"|They would need to be really high up.
People of Reddit, what’s your crazy S.O story?|If you have none, then YOU are the crazy SO.
Why do Microwaves have a popcorn button when most microwave popcorn packages advise against using the microwave's popcorn button?|natural selection?
Why -- WHY?! -- do people spit on sidewalks?|Cuz I'm being choked by phlegm and there is no grass nearby
Redditor who procrastinate, how do manage to get your work done?|I put all my deadlines on my calendar, then at about 10 pm the night before things are due I start.
What is the best excuse you ever used on a doctor to get off work?|Had a doctors appointment a few hours before a brutal shift. I went ballistic during the appointment and got sent to the psych ward before work. Was diagnosed with major depression, and borderline personality disorder but guess who didn’t have to go into work that day?
If you could Time travel, where and when would be your first destination?|1400s and Svalbard so I can claim ownership and become king.
Parents who have disowned your children, what happened?|"I got disowned by my father because ""I acted too much like my mother."" Yes, I do I act like her. She raised me, by herself, and I'm proud to be compared to her. On the other hand he's a POS. I'm glad to be disowned."
Is there a Subreddit somewhere that’s dedicated to car audio?|r/CarAV/
What is the most interesting thing about you?|Ive been to jail in Central America, studied International relations in Canada, and currently work remotely while traveling the world.
Men of Red, using simply a number and a unit of time, how long has it been since you've received a compliment?|"Probably 8 hours. Someone at work called me cute today 
It was the man in the mirror  
I'm asking him to CHANGE HIS WAAAAAYYSSS"
How are you doing right now?|Meh
Why do some people constantly look at themselves in the mirror? If a mirror is within a glance of one of my friends she will look at it the whole time she’s talking to other people. No matter who she’s talking to or what kind of conversation is going on. Why do you think this is?|Because they like looking at themselves?
Who is the most prolific tech entrepreneur?|Elon Musk.
What’s the one life lesson you hope to pass on to your children?|Burn it all.
"What's a link to something that ""Stays Blue"" for a lot of people?"|A no follow link.
Where should you really be?|With you...
Hey Reddit, what would you do in case of fire in your home?|Extinguish that bitch
What was your “15 minutes of fame” moment?|I got to the front page of an AskReddit thread one time.
Which historic philosopher is most important to you?|Friedrich Nietzsche
What are your masturbation stories?|I was bored/horny, so I masturbated, then I had an orgasm. The end.
What's the point of flair?|It categorizes a post
The last thing you ordered online is magical. What can you accomplish now?|I've got magical beach towels. Are they like flying carpets?
"What screams, ""I'm educated, but not very smart?"""|Investing in bitcoin
What is the the best music video that you know of?|The Prodigy-Smack My Bitch Up
What isn’t gonna matter in the end?|Everything.
Can anyone actually explain the difference between “effect” and “affect” and when it is appropriate to use each?|http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Difference+between+affect+and+effect
People who post questions on askreddit and then immediately reply with their own answer, what's up?|Are you not gonna answer your own question or...
Why the Higgins boat design?|Like  why is it designed so that the soldiers only source of cover gets lowered, exposing them to direct fire. I can understand it allows for rapid deployment but I feel like it would’ve still been useful if they had it reversed?
People of reddit, what is your biggest fear?|Ghosts. Don’t fuck with those guys
What food is still acceptable to eat after falling on the floor?|Depends, what is the floor? Because if it's a sex dungeon I'll have to say none
Republicans of reddit: we know what worries Democrats - what worries you the most about Trump?|The whole North Korea situation. Hes not doing anything to make it better.
What are those famous shows, sitcoms, that you will not be able to watch for more than 10 minutes?|Modern Family.
Have any you actually had to use stop, drop and roll? What’s the story?|I was drunk, I wasn't on fire, but it made people laugh
Non-bidet users, what techniques do you use to clean your anus?|Saliva.
Electric/hybrid car owners, are you happy with your car, why or why not?|Yeah, I have a Prius.  It was one of the cheapest cars on the market (though I didn't qualify for subsidies), gases up quickly, accelerates quickly, is reliable, and perfect for daily drives to work as far as I'm concerned.
What are some Olympic sports that are easier with disabilities?|I'd look into the special olympics
How did you learn to perfect your seduction routine?|An autoclicker
What is the worst news you've ever received?|My mom was given 6 months to live because the cancer metastasized. I got a phone call two weeks later from my dad crying because she had a seizure and died.
Why should or shouldn't I pursue biochemistry in college?|If you do or don't have a passion/aptitude for biochemistry
What remixed song is better than the original?|Anything by Skrillex
What have you done that made everyone in the classroom/airplane/restaurant stand up and clap for you?|You watch too many movies
How has 2018 been treating you?|The same as every other year: like shit.
if you had a constant perk (like the different races in skyrim) what would it be?|***SKYRIM BELONGS TO THE NORDS***
Whats the worst thing thats happened to you because of your good/bad looks?|People fainted around me Bc I look so good
What single line of song lyrics could you post that would be guaranteed to give someone an ear worm for the rest of the day?|*****So no one told you life was gonna be this way***** ***CLAPCLAPCLAPCLAP***
Do you say “on accident” or “by accident”? Why is there such a grammar divide?|"I say ""I did it accidentally.""  However, ""By accident"" is the preferred grammar."
What are some off Brands one should NEVER buy?|Any off brand toilet paper. That thin shit is garbage.
What dead/declining online video game community do you wish would return?|Team fortress needs a new sequel, that's all I'm sayin
What did you download illegally/stream for free that was so good, you bought, with real money, an actual copy of it?|Back in middle school my older brothers friend downloaded for me a copy of the dungeons and dragons 3.5 players handbook. I fell in love with the game and just had to buy the 3 pack of the phb, monster manual, and the dungeon masters guide.
What's the weirdest thing you or someone you know have said in their sleep?|I often have full on conversations in my sleep. So coherent that my girlfriend doesn’t know I’m not awake. I once comforted her after a bad nightmare. But the weirdest thing I did was when my girlfriend asked me to adjust so I stop snoring so loudly I said, “I’m not snoring.” “.......Yes you are.”  I then yell, “BUTTS” and roll over and go back to sleep.
Plumbers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you have found in a drain/pipe?|A spoon. There was no way for it to get past the drain and the first gas trap.
What do you do that annoys yourself?|I'll think about something unpleasant, then that will send me into a spiral that just leaves me anxious and jittery afterward.
What are some actual horror movies you’d recommend?|"Why did you say ""actual?"""
What are some actual fun IOS Games?|4Towers, great tower defense game. Simple graphics and mostly beatable through the veteran mode without spending a dime. Wish they would make another.
"If you've seen Shawshank Redemption or The Wolf of Wallstreet, whats a good movie to watch that is similar to the whole ""success"" plot?"|Catch me if you can.
What will you NEVER touch(physically)?|Babies
If you were forced to spend the rest of your life in a library, museum, or a zoo which would you choose and why?|Library, gonna take way longer to get bored. Although if food isn't provided maybe the zoo, man's gotta eat.
People who have gotten a tattoo that didnt turn out the way you wanted it to, what was your first reaction and how do you feel about it now?|I’m a tattoo artist. I cover peoples mistakes all the time. So if you don’t like what you have, chances are that a good tattooer can cover it.
What things haven't aged well?|The film Avatar. Was fascinating when it came out because it was state-of-the-art CGI. But 9 years later, everyone can do amazing CGI so Avatar is just a dull, cliche story
What's the weirdest experience you have ever had while on a night out?|Pretty sure I got slipped something but I ended up waking up in an alleyway behind the club we were all at. I don't have a single memory of getting there though.
What are life's side quests?|Higher education, learning to cook, getting in shape, etc.  Basically everything rehab centers try to push you into.
Hey Reddit, what is currently irritating you at work?|Incompetence and indecision.
What was the coolest thing that happened too you as a kid?|I went to Mexico
What band would you go back in time to see, and what year (pre-'05)?|Queen or Beethoven. Probably the latter.
How does volume affect a food’s expiration date?|Loud food expires faster than quiet food in most cases
What ‘Adult’ thing were you not taught when you were younger?|How to do taxes
How are you honestly doing?|Idk
What’s your malicious compliance story?|/r/MaliciousCompliance
How have you experienced the Mandela Effect?|Uh, don't you mean the Mandala effect?
What advice has changed your life?|Lefty loosy righty tighty
Doctors of Reddit. My mother had an appendectomy and they said it was seeping pus. How close to dying was she?|/r/askscience or /r/AskDocs
What’s something you’re embarrassed to admit you want someone to explain to you like you’re a child?|The stock market and the difference between the Dow and the NASDAQ and all those kind of things and what all the points mean.
What is the most successful pickup line you have ever heard?|How YOU do-in?
People with moderately uncommon lastnames, Who is the most famous person with your lastname?|Me
What’s your college/first roommate horror story?|It was for my first apartment. I shared it with one guy and one girl. The girl was the worst. She left used sanitary pads NEXT to the trashcan. Repeatedly. Not even wrapped up... She also used the microwave to heat up hair removal wax and left a huge glob with pubes in it...
What would happen if everyone on a passenger airplane jumped at the same time?|Some of them would probably hit their heads
People who are/were in a biker gang, what was that experience like?|When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way. From your first cigarette, to your last dyin' day.
What film should everyone see at least once in their life?|Up— Disney Pixar
What are some effective ways to relieve a headache?|Caffeine
Fellow vegetarians & vegans, what's the most common comment you get when you tell someone you don't eat meat?|Some have been interested, but most are not cool with it. They tease me about it, and then they’ll bring it up 100 times to my 1. It’s really only because of who I work with. People outside of work are generally, apparently happy for me. I just don’t get out much.
What is your favorite stupid comedy movie quote?|"""What does it do?  That's the beauty of it; it doesn't do anything."""
What cover is much better than the original song?|Crazy Frog-Axel F
If your whole had been filmed and someone wanted to watch your most badass clip, what would they see?|Last week's vindaloo gave me a pretty bad ass.
Why does it make me squirm when Americans are trying to speak French?|I'm not from either countries but French sound the worst when trying to speak English, sorry.
Whats the best way to get over someone?|knock them down first
What is your version of nails on a chalkboard?|Lil pump
Band/orchestra/vocalist kids of reddit, what songs do you think everyone had to learn or perform as a kid?|"* Moonlight Sonata
* Fur Elise
* Edelweiss"
What can a person do to save money if they were to start tomorrow?|Meal planning
What's the worst/weirdest/funniest way you've hurt yourself?|I’ve done all three. None at the same time. Which would you like to hear? Because the worst definitely wasn’t funny.
What thing is present in everyone's childhood but you never knew about it or just couldn't get into it?|Diapers
What television show/character from your childhood did you relate most with?|Eeyore
What is the biggest blunder you've ever witnessed in weddings?|Not at the wedding but at the reception. I don't remember all the details because I was young. Something about open flames and a gas leak, anyway reception hall burned to the ground. Everyone got out safe.
What was the most awkward/weird Uber/Lyft experience for you?|The worst was when the driver simply couldn't find his way to me.  It took 15 minutes from when he allegedly 'arrived', multiple phone calls and me doing most of the leg work because he couldn't figure it out.  And I was on a service road parallel to a main thoroughfare!   I think he was just on oldish guy (60+) who wanted a bit of extra income.  Infuriating, but still a better experience than taxis.
What is the most paranoid thing you've seen a paranoid person do?|Drink windshield washer fluid
College student here!! While not having a good financial background, still purchased some bitcoin from my savings. What is your advice?|Sell it as soon as you can unless you're prepared to lose it all.
Is it easier for you to sleep on your stomach, side, or back, and why does one work better for you than the others?|Side. I don't know why it works better for me than others, it just does.
What’s the biggest problem high school/college students face?|Probably stress.
If all of Russia is barred from the Olympics, how are they there competing?|The athletes who didnt use substances can compete under Olympic Athletes of Russia team, if they win gold Russia isnt given credit and the Olympic anthem plays.
How is living alone different from living with a roommate?|50% less people, 95% less pants-wearing
"How do you say; ""hello, how are you?"" in your language or slang or way?"|sup
How do you deal with casual sexism/racism/heterosexism at your workplace?|> heterosexism Wut
Redditors who are on at 1 am like me, why?|Working 2nd shift. And alcohol of course. Why are you up OP?
What live television moment has been the most unforgettable for you?|9/11
What is your choice car color?|Blood orange
People who regretted having sex with someone, what happened?|Fucked a guy who didn't prep. Shit covered dick/condom is a fast turn off. Enema kits are cheap, get your literal and figurative shit together.
Why are the posts about men being sexually harassed down voted to controversial?|It is widely believed that men can't be sexually harassed. A colleague of mine was laughed at by management when he complained that a particular lady kept publicly (often in front of his girlfriend) saying that she wanted to give him a BJ.
What did (or will) you name your first child, and why?|I gave him a Japanese name and a Welsh name.
How would you say/spell the iconic Law & Order sound effect?|#DUN DUN
A real Hunger Games has begun, but the only weapons available are based on current trends. What are these weapons and how can the kids use them to kill each other?|tide pods
What is a huge waste of money/ripoff?|Fully priced video games
What is something that is more accepted as of today than in the last decade?|Gay marriage
Whats the best song to listen to high?|Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon album
What are some foods that are good for you but taste like they're bad for you?|Olive oil
Which word or phrase is the most frequently used as a comment on Reddit?|Username checks out
What is something everyone needs to try before forming an opinion about?|Doughnuts
What's on your mind RIGHT NOW?|I have to get up early but I can't sleep.
What strong opinion of yours has made a complete U-turn?|As a teen I was a hardcore Christian. Always fostered a love for science so obviously, eventually the two clashed and science won out.  Within a month I dismissed myself from my church responsibilities, letting those I was close to know my reasons. They were sad but ultimately accepted my reasons. Then I went on a 6 month binge of booze drugs and sex.  I'm pretty normal now though.
What was the the best time you've had by yourself? (non-sexual)?|Starting a new book and finding I enjoyed it
Movie Theatre Attendants of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing you've ever seen someone leave behind in a theatre?|Research
What event in history would you have liked to witness granted you were unharmed while it happened?|Some of the shit Tesla had going on.
What is your favorite book?|The Road by Cormac McCarthy
Who is the best American football player in history?|OJ
What's the difference between doing something to be cool than doing something genuinely?|The intention behind it
Aside from academics, what is the single most significant thing you learned in college?|How to do a proper keg stand
What is something that your parents let you do as a kid that you won't let your own kids do?|exist
People that go gym in their jeans, what the hell?|Probably new to working out and don't own workout clothes. At least theyre trying. I don't judge.
Why does politics make people so toxic?|Because it's completely subjective. Politics consists of nothing but competing opinions and people don't like having to defend their opinions.
What is some sexual advice you'd like to give to First Timers?|Eat it before you beat it.
Hey reddit, what is something you force yourself to eat besides not wanting to in the first place?|Every so often I make myself eat some eggs even though I don’t really like them. I just feel like I *should.*
How do you envision the alphabet in your head?|A B C D E F G H I J K ELEMENO P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
If you could change a word in the English language, what would you change and why?|The modern definition of feminism. I’m actually for equal rights, thank you.
What is the one topic you always want to talk about, but never have the opportunity?|How I'm afraid that I will never find someone special.
what is the most funny gift you've ever received on valentine's day?|disappointment
What's a word that has been changed over years of mispronounciation?|"Basically all of them.   My personal favorite: Bedlam, originally referring to ""Hospital of Saint Mary of **Bethlehem**"""
The last movie you watched is directed by Trump. How does it change?|Lol. Dr.strangelove. Oh I can only imagine. I mean it ends the same. Total nuclear destruction of our planet. But the events leading to it are definitely orchestrated by him not some rogue military officer.
What is the greatest comeback you’ve ever seen?|"""kim kardashian, well she does get come on her back""  -Andy Dwyer"
What's your favorite sports team?|4th generation Chicago cubs fan
Hey, How dare you?|Did you really expect me not to?
What advice would you give to a 40 year old who is planning to become quit their job and try to become a pornstar?|Keep it up.
What day should be a new national holiday and why?|Interplanetary Day. Obviously hasn't happened yet, but the day a human sets foot on Mars should be recognized.
Why is it girls will post on r/gonewild yet, they don’t comment/upvote/reply to guys pictures?|Because guys (and their bits) are not in high demand.
What childhood wish do you still hold on to as an adult?|To be able to afford rent
What's the most complex role played by an actor/actress in a movie?|Kirk Lazarus played by RDJ in Tropic Thunder
What has been your weirdest dream?|I once had a dream that spiders were crawling all over me. I was freaking out and kept smashing them with my hand. I woke up slapping myself in the face as I tried to kill a particularly large spider.
Not having fun...what can one say to help have fun again?|"F is for friends who do stuff together
U is for you and me
N is for anywhere and anytime at all
.....Down here in the deep blue sea!"
What was your reaction when you first learned about slavery in America?|I was pretty horrified.
What lesson did you have to re-learn multiple times?|Drugs are bad
What is something you did as a kid that you still do lots now?|masturbate
How chill are you?|meh
Why are you not special?|Everyone one is special, that's what makes no one special.
Which is better, DC Universe or Marvel Universe? Why?|Depends on your taste, you like what you want.
How many times a day do you look into the mirror?|The two times I brush my teeth at home Edit: basically right when I wake up and right before I go to sleep, just to make sure I still look the same.
"People who say ""It's sad that we even have to have this conversation,"" what conversations do you have?"|Sad ones
What product’s design is perfect?|Spork.
What's the most disturbing picture message you've received?|A person I loved, a friend, falling down a cliff to his death. Accidental.
Why are you Coco?|Because Ice-T like dat booty tho
How do you know if you're in love?|"*Morning, his place*
*Burnt toast, Sunday*
*You keep his shirt*
*He keeps his word*
*And for once you let go*
*Of your fears and your ghosts*
*One step, not much, but it said enough*
*You kiss on sidewalks*
*You fight and you talk*
*One night he wakes, strange look on his face*
*Pauses, then says, you're my best friend*
*And you knew what it was, he is in love* *You can hear it in the silence*
*You can feel it on the way home*
*You can see it with the lights out*
*You are in love*
*True love*"
What are common traits to most social media sites?|People I know pretending I don't exist
Redditors who eat ass, why?|Ain't gonna eat itself
What only feels like it could be a dream?|When everything is going right in your life.
What food do you enjoy eating by itself, despite it being most commonly used in a recipe or other setting?|I like to eat cheese on its own. Like, a little snack plate with some cheddar, some parm, and some feta, and a few pickles to cut through the richness.
Why did Michael Jackson have so many plastic surgerys?|I don't know how many surgeries he had, but he had a nose job because he was bullied as a child because of his nose, and he had his skin bleached because of his vitiligo.
How do you cope with knowing that you sometimes aren't seen as 100% perfect?|Terribly
Why is it easier to find a subreddit through google than it is the reddit search bar?|'Cause the search function *sucks*.  Admins are too busy banning anything deemed not advertiser-friendly.
Girls of Reddit how do you let a guy know you like them?|I hover over them and then lower onto them with my vagina like some  sort of fleshy arcade toy grapple-hook.
The stock market dropped another 1,000 points. What do you think is causing it? Wage increases, tax bill, unhinged panic, other?|It's quite well documented by now that it was caused by the increase in interest rates.
What's a seemingly complex sentence you could say from your area of expertise that, while still being correct, sounds completely incomprehensible to someone not in that field?|“Okay, so, I reset the NVRAM and SMC’d it, then cleared the LaunchDaemons and the StartUp items but it’s still beach-balling, weirdly, when I ran some 4K video and CPU vs. CPU chess it didn’t kernel panic so I think we need to SNR it, send it away for a backup and then check it in with comprehensive CC notes and run it through some serious stress testing.” Genius, Apple.
Someone's making a movie about your life, what songs are on the soundtrack to it?|CRAWLING IN MY SKIN
What do you do to make life an adventure?|Emigrate.
What's the best food to eat at a buffet?|The ones that you don't normally eat on a regular day.
What's the worst shift to work in and the worst employment type and why?|Any night shift.
Which facts of life have been toughest to accept?|I will never understand what I truly am.
Which songs make you cry, and why is that?|Gucci Gang. Its just so good
Do you think that the quality of TED talks has decreased in recent years? Why or why not?|Yes, because eventually you run out of things to TED talk about.
What song makes you think of a certain movie/tv show?|That one from Friends.
What are some gift ideas that are perfect for Valentines Day?|Oral Sex coupons.
Why do Redditors avoid talking about Reddit irl?|Same reason people don't generally talk about facebook in person.  The idea of talking about social media instead of actually socializing is pretty silly.
What fictional food have you always wanted to eat?|It’s not really a food, but I’ve always wanted to lick the fruity wallpaper from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, particularly the Snozzberry’s.
People who put effort into their appearance and are good looking do you ever seek anyone that is not why or why not?|No, because i'm only interested in my Crush, who is hot as fuck
To people who speak multiple languages: what are they and what language do you think in?|I speak English, French, German and some Spanish. I think in English as it is my first language but quite often (multiple times a day) I switch to thinking in French or German just as sort of a mind exercise, making sure I don't forget.
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?|Firefly, god that show is amazing, also just floating around the galaxy seems cool enough.
Redditors who got married at twenty, how did it go?|Well, actually. My husband is fucking gorgeous and I love our little family.
Why are little kids so good at minecraft?|Because they play more than you
People of Reddit who’ve never traveled, why haven’t you gone anywhere?|"I'm predicting ""money"" to be a common response to this question."
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen?|Jack & Jill
how did you get your Reddit gold?|I don't even know what that is......I'm new here.
Where should a 35 year old single guy move to if he is tired of Connecticut?|Disconnecticut
What 5 items would one put in a magik circle in order to summon you?|The same ones as when this was asked last week.
What’s a thing you wouldn’t save if your house was on fire?|The elephant in the room.
Why would anyone like to go to mars or live on it ?|Can't be much worse than Earth can it?
What is your weirdest, most surreal dream?|I was happy
If each country was a house, for sale, what would the realtor say about it?|USA - this house is for sale by Russian owner.
What is becoming increasingly irrelevant?|Ricegum
Givers/receivers of terrible haircuts, what happened? Did any shit go down afterwards?|I had an undercut when I was a teenager. I went in to get mine touched up and she didn't even shave all of it. It was patchy and gross. I didn't say anything to the hairdresser but I did immediately go to the salon across town and explained what happened. They where kind enough to fix the areas she missed for $5. I tipped her $15
What do Americans think of dropping the penny ? Do you think your country will do it soon?|I think it would be a good decision. The penny is basically worthless now. But America thrives on illogical decisions, so we'll probably keep the penny for another 7 years at least.
What reasons, outside of rejection, have snapped you out of a crush on someone?|When I noticed/got noticed by someone else
What do you have to get off yor chest?|The hunter from the future. He's heavy.
Reddit, what do you do when you can't fall asleep?|think about sleeping
What’s the oddest encounter you’ve experienced using Tinder, Bumble, OkCupid, etc.? NSFW|Girl had her brother there....not the most absurd of them but pretty awkward learning the couple next to you was her brother/gf and had probably been listening to our conversation for the last hour.
Reddit, what’s your “go to” wine?|But moooooooooooooom, I don't waaaaaaaaaana go to bed.
What is your favorite movie or video game soundtrack or score?|The score to there will be blood is pretty great. I love hans Zimmer too. I'd say inception is probably his best
What’s your story of getting your REAL ID confiscated just because you look young?|Confiscating and/or damaging a driver's license is a federal felony, so if that happens to you, call the cops ASAP.
When did you feel like you just wanted to end it all?|I drink a lot. No one to spend time with. Females never give me the time of day to show my true colors. & I generally hate school being apart of getting a great job.
What word did you invent?|In 1998 I invented vacae, short for vacation. Never got the credit.
What is the most disgusting thing you have found in your car?|The results of a 3 year old cake and half drank 2l bottle of coke (also 3 years old) has probably turned into some sort of sentient mold at this point, I'm scared to open my trunk to find out.
What are some unspoken weed rules?|Pass to the left
What are some cheap meals for someone who is allergic to eggs?|Pasta
Why are you such a little bitch?|Who you calling a bitch, bitch!?
What are some of the best television or comic sketches that you've seen?|This-http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2557eq
If you had to make a veggie burger, what ingredients would you use to make your burger?|beef for sure
How often do you think about food?|When I'm not eating.
In what important way does the way other view you differ from how you view yourself?|At least a few people I know think I'm a serious person.
[NSFW] People who like getting their ass ate...why? It just feels the same as getting your elbow licked or something, does it really feel sexually pleasing to you?|It sounds like whoever has done that to you before wasn't very good at it.  :(  I'm a guy and I've only been with one woman that was into that sort of thing both giving and receiving, but it was pretty damn enjoyable for me during the time we were together.
What kind of psychic powers do you wish you had?|Telepathy
What's your most favorite part of your day?|Sleeping part.
When is it better to be happy than right, or vice versa?|Be right unless someone else feelings are at stake.
Ambidextrous people of Reddit, what are the biggest advantages you have over other people?|Dialing 911 with my left hand and holding the gun with my right is neither difficult nor going to add anxiety to an already bad situation. Yeah, I couldn't think of anything else.
People of costumer service, what is the dumbest thing has called in to complain about?|"""This chicken costume makes me look silly!"""
What is a subreddit that deserves more subscribers?|r/prequelmemes
What do you do to remain feeling ethical in this wildly unethical world of ours?|"I try and avoid buying very cheap clothes made by people in poor working conditions and mostly shop at op shops instead.  
It’s almost impossible to be an ethical consumer under capitalism though."
What is your simple, daily irritation that you've come to appreciate as part of your life?|Bad tinnitus. Wear your ear plugs kids.
What is your earliest memory of being attracted to someone of the opposite sex?|4 year old me had an uncanny attraction to Daphne from Scooby Doo. Blueballs for years.
What do Flat-Earthers think of the new footage of the Earth from the SpaceX Falcon Heavy launch?|$90 million fake video....or something
Which acronym is the most implausible to pronounce?|F.L.D.S.M.D.F.R.
Cratejoy Subscribers, what do you subscribe to? Do you like it?|I like guns
Former computer wizzes in school, what was the best thing you did to school computers in your time at school?|Not sure how “computer wizzy” it was, but I bypassed the web filter back in the day, and that was pretty awesome.
What is your favorite movie quote?|"""Let me tell you something you already know: the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place; and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently, if you let it. Not you, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can GET hit and keep moving forward...how much you can TAKE and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now if you know how much you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth, but you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers, going you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody! Cowards do that, and that ain't you! You're better than that!"""
What do you want to say in this thread, because you’ll know it’ll get buried and disappear?|The Media lies all of the time, anything you see in Tabloids is fake & simply clickbait
What are some real problems that don't have solutions yet?|Shitty parenting
People who have anxiety disorder, what's your advise to others ?|I had a bad case of anxiety, I went to a therapist, after much resistance.  My advice, see a therapist.  It worked for me, even tho I didn’t want it to.
What's so important about football?|Concussions!!!!!
Have any of you won one of those contests by movie studios where they say the winner gets to come on set or interact with stars or join them at the opening night of some movie? How was your experience?|I accidentally walked by Cash Cab once. It's like a 4 car entourage. Didn't realize that.
What is a country you never want to visit again and why?|Iraq...you know why
"What are your favorite ""get your life together"" podcasts to listen to?"|Bill Burr’s Monday Morning Podcast
Reddit, what are some of your sexual fetishes/kinks?|Fat asses and milfs.  Milfs with fat asses is just sensory overload.
What do you read on Reddit when you are staying up late?|stairs in the woods
What's a unique staple in your fridge or pantry?|Calcium that I crushed up using eggshells. (It's for my crickets)
What would you like to see at a party?|My Favorite Celebrities
What would you do if you had a month off and a medium-sized reasonable budget?|Travel
What are some of the best YouTube channels?|"Redlettermedia  
Cinemassacre"
How do you know you're with the right person?|You want to fuck them when you look at them.
Reddit- I’m finally ready to dump the iPhone and switch phones. What is the best phone out there that you would suggest and why?|Don't know if you know about youtuber Jerryrigeverything, but he does tonnes of phone review with durability tests and such. Very good to figure out what you want phone wise.
When was the last time you did something that was just so not worth it?|Using the internet and books as a medium to remove social contact. That’s the only thing
How did you ruin your credit? And what has become of it?|I fell in love and she screwed me over
What happens if Mueller proves beyond the shadow of a doubt that Trump is basically a Russian operative?|Congress holds a vote on impeachment. The Senate holds a vote on impeachment.  The process takes so long, Trump finishes his first term in office and then chooses not to run for a second, 'in order to spend more time with his family.'
What's the thing you regret most doing/not doing?|No regrets here boi
What embarrassing stories will you tell a random group of strangers on the internet?|shitting my pants on stage
What was your first car and how much did you pay for it?|This thread does not apply to the average white american that has their parents buy them their first vehicle. /s
What's the most anxious you've ever been?|One of the few times I've been so anxious I was physically shaking.
Who were you surprised to find out is still alive?|Nelson Mandela? /s
What's a pizza topping that normally wouldn't go on a pizza that you want to try?|Caramel
What was your first time smoking weed like?|I blacked out from eating edibles while smoking
What is the most shocking confession you can make to your partner? How will it affect your relationship?|His old roommate is better in bed. It'd cause us to break up.
What, in your opinion, is the biggest reason as to why we haven’t colonized other planets yet? What, factually, is holding us back from doing so?|It is the technological and monetary factor mainly.
Equality means being treated the same as everyone else so why do some insist on being treated better in the name of equality?|because they are jackasses
Why did you do it?|Cuz d foookin king does whatever d foook he wantz!!!!!
You, fellow redditor, are now sitting on the iron throne. What do you do next?|I ask for a cushion.
What would you do if you had 24 hours left to live?|Try and complete Portal 2 without walk throughs.
What harmless addiction do you have?|Cocaine.
Whats your scariest real-life experience straight out of a horror story?|Me and my friends went camping in the woods. I tend not to do this because I am slightly rotund and a bit tanned in my skin. This means that, if movies are to believe, I would be the first to die. Anyway, we went camping in the woods. There was no serial killer.
What are some of your favorite quotes?|""" fuck u I'm the best"" - me"
For those who don't like soda, what kind of alcohol do you drink?|Swedish cider also referred to as Kopparberg, somewhat fizzy but refreshing.
Straight people of reddit: What is your earliest memory of being attracted to a member of the opposite sex?|Being 8 and thinking that girls were really, oddly, pretty.
People who spit roast: What are your pro tips for organizing a successful spit roast?|A nice marinade and a bed of coals not open flame
What songs make you feel sick or uneasy?|apologize (acoustic version) by alesana. makes me sad every time
What does it mean if an ex looks at your Instagram story every single day multiple times a day when he doesn't follow you?|**TROLL!**
A zombie virus outbreak occurs, where do you go? How do you defend yourself and your place?|Best to hide
If you could go back and change one thing you said or one interaction you had with someone, what would it be?|i would go back to when i started dating my friend's ex and just tell him i was dating his ex. it probably wouldn't change much to be honest, but it's never sat right with me.
In what subtle ways does the government silently screw you over?|Tell you what you can and cannot do with your property
Ladies who knows what's up... What's up?|Not you
What do you love most about Elon Musk’s big, shiny, red, hard roadster?|I legit thought that said lobster. I was about to go melt some kerrygold butter in the microwave. lol!
How do you feel about moshpits?|"Depends on the crowd. As long as it's friendly, it's a ton of fun, but if people are in there explicitly for the purpose of just beating the shit out of people, clearly that's bad. 
Fuck SludgeMetal pits."
Which country is over rated?|Russia
If you could have dinner with any celebrity. What restaurant would you take Matt Damon to?|I don't understand the question. If any celebrity was fortunate enough to have dinner with me, it wouldn't be Matt Damon. Maybe Marina and the Diamonds or Lana Del Rey, in which case I would invite them over for dinner to my humble apartment, I'm a great cook.
How many of the older generation are surprised and/or horrified that fantasy RPGs are mainstream?|Well, i think its about fucking time. I really want my daughter to know and care about dragon quest as i do!
What is one interesting fact about the indistry you work in?|Lots of products used today are made, or at least prototypes are, by my trade but most people have no idea what a machinist is. Most think I'm saying mechanic with a speech impairment or something. Add CNC to it and even fewer people know about it.
What rules of a game that you use did you think were the normal rules before finding out they're actually not and that's just how you personally play?|I recently found out I've been playing Monopoly all kinds of wrong. Too many to mention.
What are things that are societally unacceptable to do that are really frowned upon, but not illegal?|Legally, you don't need to consider people at all in public. Let the door slam in their face, cross the sidewalk 1 foot in front of them, if someone's papers fall out of their bag you can walk all over them, if a ball gets thrown near you don't throw it back, etc.
What’s the best subreddit ever?|A
Why does Kerrygold butter taste better than your normal store grade butter?|I didn’t know it did - gotta try it now.
How is logistics different from supply chain management?|Logistics is broader.
What separates hard rock from soft metal?|The elements that make up the material.
Why do fathers love their daughters more and mothers love their sons more?|Sexual attraction, my friend.
Has there ever been a situation in your life where it felt like a sitcom? What happened?|"Lost my job literally the very day before I bought my first house.  Couldn't fucking believe it.  Took a while to sink in.  I was 24 with a mortgage and a car payment, but no fucking job lol.  I almost heard the narrator say ""ohohohoho what you gon' do now, boy? (drooping guitar riff)"""
What's the weirdest gossip you've heard at your workplace/school?|I had a coworker who swallowed a tooth
What is your movie idea?|A group of Austrian terrorists who hold a ski mountain hostage... apres kill, murder on the mountain
Dudes of reddit, at what age did you stop measuring your penis?|Never have, just ball parked it to average. No pun intended
What life-lesson type of a phrase or saying do you not agree with?|"There are a bunch of pseudo-psychological phrases that are complete nonsense. ""Opposites attract"", ultimately the perfect partner for me, would be a male version of me. ""Distance makes the heart grow fonder"" or whatever, complete stupidity at it's finest."
What's the largest amount of cash you lost outside ? How did you realize ?|Like 50k at a casino.
What's something thats well intentioned but is actually useless in practice?|"How are you?
Good."
Hotel workers, whats the most bizarre thing you witnessed at work?|Blackout drunk taking a dump in the vending room on his floor then stumbling back to his room. When the manager went up to kick him out found him in bed with two women, not having wiped. Apparently one of the other men staying in the room was in the bathroom and someone had already used the ice bucket to urinate in.  So many ice buckets used for toilets. So many. Use the liners, folks. 3 yrs, major hotel in a major southern city.
Why can you put some metal in the microwave and not others?|You can't put Slayer in the microwave.
If social media existed in the 70's - 90's, what celebrities would have been affected the most, negatively or positively?|Positive: Michael Jackson  He was the biggest star of all time, his humanitarianism would have made him eternally beloved on the internet. He was a victim of public perception, if internet existed back then people would have seen through & debunked all of the negative publicity about him.
What’s rich if money meant nothing ?|Livestock
If there had never been an industrial revolution, what job would you have probably ended up with?|Writer.
Redditors who have been stalked, what’s your story?|I guess not really stalked, but I had a girl ask me every single day for 2 years for sex. Met her, had sex (mostly because I had not banged anybody in 2 months and I needed it) She then never spoke again :/ She either got what she wanted, or I was terrible.
Theories as to why lightning occurs initially-cosmic rays etc. ?|God.
What's the stupidest way you've ever injured yourself?|Accidentally leaned on two completely unrelated electric fences in the same afternoon.
If you appeared a few years before you meet your SO and had to convince them of your future relationship and time travel, what could you tell them that no one else would know in order for them to hopefully believe you?|You like shitty beer and licking people when you’re drunk
People of reddit who had to gain weight in order to be healthy/healthier, what was you routine and journey like? Did you ever get “weight shamed”?|Trying to gain weight is my idea of what heaven might be like.
Redditors who were excluded from television, fast food, videogames, etc when you were a kid, where are you now?|"I never had fast food growing up and drinks like coke were a ""only at a birthday party"" thing. We had cookies and snacks but no potato chips, cheetoes or anything liike that. I had TV videogames etc. It was just bad food that was not allowed. Honestly I dont think it made much difference, I wasn't fat but I might not have been anyway. I think eating a wide variety of a food growing up had more effect on me than the foods I was not allowed to eat. The people who only had sausages/steak, peas & mashed potato growing up always seem to be the ones that dont like seafood and refuse to try anything new as adults. I am very glad I am not like that."
What is something that will never age?|Keanu
What’s your favorite Star Wars line?|"""I am taking them to imprison them... in prison."""
What are going to do differently today?|Stay the fuck home in my jammy jams and watch my city get fucked with 10 to 12 inches of hard, long snow.
What’s the best midnight snack?|Mustard Dog. 1 minute flat all you need is a paper towel. I buy good ass hot dogs too.
What is a greater good that is worth sacrificing for?|Quality time with the friends and GF.
What's your favorite weapon?|The one hiding behind my zipper
Seeing how it takes a lot of energy to launch a rocket from a standstill strait up, what are the possibilities of assisting the initial launch say by electromagnetic rails or some other way?|not 0
If doing the same thing and expecting different results is insanity, what is it called when you try different things and get the same result?|Success
People of reddit who were in high school during 9/11, did the constant stream of death and destruction following the attacks change you?|Are you goth?
Foodies of Reddit, what international food do you feel is underappreciated in the U.S. and that you would like to see get more attention in the U.S.?|Four'n Twenty
Redditors who commute over an hour to and from work. What do you do to keep from going insane?|"Wow the story of my daily commute is relevant on the internet. I live in New Jersey and work in NYC, so I take the NJ Transit train from New Brunswick to NY Penn Station which is usually a 65 minute trip unless I am lucky enough to catch an express that might be only 45 minutes. But that doesn't include getting from my house to the train station (15-20 min), waiting for the train (anywhere from 0 minutes when I run to catch the train at the last second to 20 minutes if I miss the train I was running for, with an average of maybe 5 minutes waiting) or from the train station to my job (20-25 min), depending on traffic. That's roughly 105-115 minutes, but that's the way in. The way home is usually closer to three hours from the time I punch out to the time I walk in my door. I have done this commute for over two years. I think the worst part, aside from the fact that my commute costs me $28 a day minimum ($28 round trip train ticket and then either a $10 taxi ride home or a nice one hour walk), is that I am just so tired when I get home I often go to sleep within a couple hours. I should also mention it's not exactly a great career and I wake up by 4am everyday to make less than $15 an hour and typing this out made me sad about it... Well thanks for reading my little rant about my commute. I could go into more depth but I think this should cover what could have been a simple ""yes"" or ""no"" answer. TL;DR - unfortunately did not reject job with 2-hour commute"
What are some weird things your body does when you're nervous?|my eyes twitch and I swear a lot. It makes me look like a deranged rabbit with rabies that just drowned when I public speak
What's the best insult you can think of right now?|Depends on the person. A good insult is tailor made like a fine suit to fit the individuals deepest insecurities.
What do you regret not doing?|Properly answering this question
What does it mean to you to be a man? When do you feel you changed from being a boy to a man?|Boys play games. Men win them.
What’s the worst advice you’ve gotten… but you actually followed through with it?|Go to college.
What’s the most ridiculous claim you’ve heard?|"My dear estranged mother seems to believe that gravity is caused by the rotation of the Earth, and that people wore spacesuits when landing on the moon because ""the moon doesn't have gravity."""
"What was your worst ""Hold my beer while..."" moment?"|....while trying to climb on a church and yelling Ezio Auditore!!
People who play music on their phones in public; why?|A friend of mine from high school always did this. On the bus, the mall, everywhere. I repeatedly told him to turn it down to no avail.
If monkeys have hands, why is there the term monkeys paw?|Pure speculation: Monkeys have tails. Apes have hands.
Single Ladies,How to be Single AND Happy This Valentines Day?|stay with your single friends, watch a Disney movie or any girly movie and eat chocolates.
how often do you watch videos of streets of random cities from youtube ?|I usually listen to coffee shop chatter
Have you ever felt extremely sad without knowing the rootcause no matter how you think of it and what did you do to get over it?|Yup. Short term it's called a mood swing and they suck. Long term it's called depression and it also sucks.
What inanimate object do you talk to the most?|my computer, and my basketball.
What are your favorite websites to visit that kill time at work?|Hmmm probably reddit
What's the best question to ask someone who believes the moon landing is a hoax?|Do you want sugar and cream in your coffee?
College Students of Reddit, what is your major and why did you choose it?|Chose a degree in health science majoring in public health and policy because as someone who has to utilise health services a lot, I can see gaps in the system, and I want to fix these so that my countries health system can benefit everyone properly and efficiently
What is your favorite Spongebob reference?|I wumbo. You wumbo. He/she/me wumbo.
People of Reddit, what is the biggest mistake you have done in your life?|"Ironically, I once wrote ""done a mistake"" instead of ""made a mistake."" ;D"
What keeps you going?|Oxygen.
Who have you stumbled across on Google Street Maps?|Myself.
What characters do think may have been secretly LGBT and why?|...how can a fictional character, whose entire *character* is up to the writer, be secretly anything?
What's the most horrendous piece of driving you've ever witnessed?|Just go to Richmond, BC
What's the worst customer service you have received?|Saying I had to give my actress and name to buy something .
If Reddit existed in Harry Potter, what kind of Reddit posts would there be?|r/The_Voldemort would be a pretty hot topic
Redditors Whats the most useless degree in the us?|Communications
How would the world be different if people could not feel love?|Romantic love? It would be much happier I reckon
What would a human be like if they never met another human?|I think this question is very interesting because it asks how people are at their bare human instincts. Good or evil?
Why so much hate for furries?|Real reason? Humans are social animals who depend on their community for survival. Actions seen as 'weird' or abhorrent can turn people into outcasts as they are seen as damaging to group cohesion and survival. This is why the weak are bullied, the mentally ill are shunned, homosexuals are demonised, and nobody likes furries. We live in a modern age but with brains that were 'designed' for very different lifestyles that ceased to exist thousands of years ago when excluding such people made sense.  We now live in an age where 'deviant' behavior by a few does not result in the collapse of society, but we are hard-wired to think it does. Just as we crave sweet and fatty food in an age where such food is both common and cheap. Our brains simply weren't made for the modern world we have to live in.
Why should/shouldn't we have pineapple on pizza?|It adds a dimension of sweetness. It's a godsend for pizza.
Who do you think would look good with a big, bushy mustache?|Everyone, I really want to see the old bushy 70's staches come back into style. Shit, I'd grow one if i could
What's the most expensive thing or activity you paid for that completely sucked afterwards?|root canal surgery
Whats the lowest paying Job with a degree?|Chef
What is your favourite music video?|Thriller.
What’s the kindest thing you’ve seen someone do for someone else?|A couple of years ago another redditor wanted to buy me something nice from Walmart and pay for shipping (I live in Europe), because it was my birthday. Stuff like that really blows me away. The kindness some people can have towards complete strangers over the internet is amazing.
What goes surprisingly well with pickles?|Cheese
If you were 17 and your parents were going to kick you out on your 18th birthday, what would you do?|Live on my own when I turn 18.
What will the crypto goldrush effect on GPU prices do to console makers?|The great GPU crisis - why are graphics cards so expensive now ...
What's something that pisses you off even though it's super hypocritical?|Fuck u
if your life had an audience, which of your phrases would be most loved and which would be most hated?|I start every other sentence with 'I mean'.  I'm certain that shit has gotten old, but I can't kick the habit.
Students of Reddit, what would you like to have in your classroom if money was not an issue for your school?|Virtual reality to relive moments in history.
What are some of the stereotypes with regards to the drivers of certain types and brands of cars in your area?|BMW Drivers are always douchebags.  No exceptions.
How would you react if your SO or crush asked to watch you take a dump?|Only if she wipes
Men who chose to be circumcised, is your sex life any better?|I’m gonna guess the answer is no
Today I turned 20. What are your best/worst birthday stories?|I once made a thread that I just turned 20 on Reddit and no one answered. p. terrible
What is your open-world video game concept?|Nice try Nintendo
Reddit, what was your experience on great jokes but not in the appropriate moment?|"I was once at a 4th of July party at my friends house in highschool. I was telling my friend the joke during the fireworks and it was really loud so I had to raise my voice. ""What does anal sex and eating spinach have in common?"" ...Then the fireworks stopped and I was still raising my voice and hit him with the punchline. ""If you didn't like it as a kid you probably won't like it as an adult."" Needless to say host's parents were mortified. He laughed. Everyone else just stared. Never invited for another party.10/10 would do again."
How do you deal with really bad wind?|Tell it to fuck off
Which bands with a heavy sound would you include in a Black History Month compliation?|Living Colour
What makes a song good for you?|"Good beat.  
Clever lyrics.  
Catchy."
What is the most you have seen someone get rewarded for doing the least amount of effort?|Well, I mean, people are born into prestige just for having the same blood line, so I guess them?
What's your sad breakup song?|Ben Folds Five-Song For The Dumped Limp Bizkit-Nookie
Whats greater than Krispy Kreme doughnuts?|Everything. (I dont really eat donuts)
When does the rest of the world stop pretending that the USA and the UK are _not_ completely fucking retarded politically?|"Ain't nothing retarded about Theresa May mate.  
Nothin' at all.   
  
^^^^^^apart ^^^^^^from ^^^^^^everything."
Who was the richest man in the Bible?|No spoilers. You'll just have to read it for yourself.
What's your favourite song by your favourite band/singer?|Black Or White/Man In The Mirror
Have ever been in love with the friends of someone who loves you? How did you handle it?|Say wut now
If you were a dictator what kind of dictator would you be?|Send nudes
Gamers who have served in the military, has anything you learned while serving proven useful in games?|I’d never do MOUT like I do in PUBG.
What pop cultural icons, modern structures etc. will definitely puzzle historians and archaeologists in the far future?|Dickbutt
How do you describe Reddit to your friends?|I have friends?
Who are your favourite Australian authors other than Tim Winton?|Matthew Reilly
You are a Redditor, but instead of posting original content you just irritate people with reposts. What do you share?|My opinion that many disagree with.
How have you kept up with your New Years Resolutions?|0 for 0 100%
What's something you wish someone told you before you got into it?|This game may be free, but soon you'll spend more money on it than any other game ever. It was league
Which celebrity death has affected you the most, how and why?|Rik Mayall. I grew up watching him with my dad. That hit hard.
Former politicians of Reddit, what are some things that go on behind the scenes that the general public may not know about?|We still get blowjobs from interns
If someone accuses you of getting plastic surgeries done, considering the fact you did not, whats your take on this?|take it as a compliment
Who will be the the type of person Elon musk is going to send to Mars in the upcoming years?|Maybe someone who he sees as a younger, sharper version of himself. But probably not his children (don't know if he has any).
What seemingly subtle thing makes you feel happy and content?|Hearing old songs nostalgic of my youth. Sitting back and observing a big, happy, family dinner. Seeing people give up seats to the elderly on the metro.
What was obviously low effort but what accepted anyways?|Yearly Video Game releases from the same series
What's the best way to make a sincere apology?|Don't try to dismiss what you actually did or put blame on the other person.
People in their twenties and beyond, how common is it to remain friends with people from high school once you leave?|Not very
What was your most physically painful experience?|Dislocated knee
If nutrition or calories didn't matter for one day, what would you eat tomorrow?|Joke's on you, I never looked at nutrition or calories to begin with
People who enjoy watching curling. Why?|When I was a kid, I'd make up stupid sports and pretend I was the champion at it. Curling is kind of like that.
"Adults of Reddit, what is something you still haven't ""grown out"" of doing?"|Getting stoned
Who would you be surprised to hear was involved in sexual harassment?|Keanu
People of Reddit, if Donald Trump did an IAmA, what would you ask him?|"""Are you as surprised as the rest of us that you would be elected?"""
what was the most embarrassing thing that your sibling has ever done?|Ended up getting nudes of us leaked that got around school.
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?|Cats or birds.
What are three Bollywood films that every Westerner should see?|None
"What's the worst part of being the stereotypical ""wrong gender"" for your job?"|Gotta say I’m a guy who took course with 40 woman. I was  only guy .  In the job.... I just feel like woman look down on me as single guy
Thinking of starting a small business and need some ideas what are some niche business in your area that you have really taken off?|hobby stuff like figurines, comics, dnd
How do you imagine architecture in a hundred years from now?|Screens everywhere
What Social Networks Do You Use? And for what do you use each of them?|"facebook - only for messaging friends
twitter - for posting about my life
instagram - ig story mostly instead of snapchat and rarely pictures"
What's a song that's stuck in your head right now?|Night of living death by Black Death: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-Bll0__MK8 dirty catchy thrashy metal from 84
What movie is hilarious despite not being labeled a comedy, why?|"in spite of what the Golden Globes will tell you, Get Out is not first and foremost a comedy, and it's still a hilarious movie. Blow this off as an ""I'm not racist. I have black friends"" thing to say, but I don't care. I'm still going to say it, because I see it as relevant. I'm a white guy who's always been an avid basketball player, and the community which I've been heavily involved with all my life, is disproportionately black, so I would consider myself more accustomed to black people than usual. Yet, the reason why I met one of my 2 best friends, is because I was in college, saw some guy who was a 6'3 mixed guy, and I just assumed he was a fellow baller. When getting to know him, he isn't quite a fellow baller. He's read a dozen star wars books, and he says things like ""come hither"". No one is immune from this sort of stuff, and Get Out reminded me of South Park, where it did a great job of giving you a ridiculous portrayal of yourself, that helps you to grow as well as laugh."
What is the craziest place you’ve hooked up with someone?|Movie theatre projection booth. On a slide in a park.
Why are people from the future not time traveling to our period, assuming time travel technology is available in the future?|"There could be many reasons -Laws against it -Time machines designed to make it impossible -Travel is not publicly available so only trained agents and scientists can travel, and do not ""blow their cover"" -Time machines are highly advanced and only operable by specialists, who see the issues with going backwards"
What did your parents do that ended screwing you up?|giving birth to me
Men who send unsolicited dick pics, why?|It'd be selfish to keep this beautiful donger to myself
What’s your favorite thing to do on the weekend?|Eat jello naked
People of Reddit who were abandoned by a parent at birth, how did your other parent explain and deal with the situation, and what choices do you wish had been made differently?|You ever hear of a guy a called Harry Potter?
How do you break to a new athiest SO the fact that you regularly study the bible and attending Bible Study classes daily?|Explain the importance of religion without making any claim about it's metaphysical accuracy.
What do banks do with old bank notes that have been removed from circulation?|why don't you google it?
What's the chance you had in your life that you would characterize as a chance of a lifetime?|Kiss to gf
Reddit, what is the largest thing you have ever swallowed (without chewing) and why?|Banana
Who is better, Rita Ora or Iggy Azalea?|Rita
"Someone said: ""Trust me!"" How did that work out?"|The Trump administration.
Reddit, have you ever seen a UFO? If so, what happened?|Yeah, I seen a UFO... It was 1969, and I was just getting out of my car. The parking lot was packed to the brim and the grass was soft on my soles. Woodstock. I was tripping like fucking crazy on LSD, so maybe it was just Jimi Hendrix's guitar when he was playing the national anthem. Just fucking with you, I'm a 19 year old kid.
Non native English speakers of Reddit, what are some common sayings in your native language that sound totally bizarre when translated to English?|"While not meeting any of OP's qualifications, my favorite phrase translated to English is, ""not my monkeys, not my circus""."
If you could be on 1 reality tv show, which would you choose?|MILF Island
What's your favourite serial killer story?|I don't like this question at all, not one bit no sir
What is pretty solid evidence that someone is a good person?|They do good deeds without malicious behind-the-scenes intention.
What was your first experience to ride on a car and how much did you pay for it and what was your age on time?|If you're wondering if it's safe to take a taxi or Über as a child, the answer is no. 18+.
Are non British and Irish people aware of dunking biscuits into tea or coffee? If not how will you celebrate this new knowledge?|Americans just use donuts
Any tips on how to resolve constant indecisiveness?|"Buy yourself a coin.  
When you can't decide, flip it. Don't question the outcome, just do it."
where do you see yourself five years from now?|In the mirror. Bruh
What are your best Hangover cures?|Weed
What’s the craziest experience you had in college?|I Cosbied my entire cheerleading squad and had secret lesbian sex with all of them.
How did your first kiss go?|Pretty sure her teeth hit my teeth.
Parents of Reddit with kids that are fusy eaters what did you do to get them to eat correctly ?|Don't give an alternative. Kids are fussy eaters because you let them be like that.
What do you do to help you through a tough time?|cry in the shower
What is the American dream ?|That anyone with enough determination or talent can become successful. For some reason most redditors think it means everyone is entitled to success, but redditors gonna reddit.
What's the best song on Pink Floyd's The Wall?|I'm gonna be that guy and say Comfortably Numb.
Do you use Internet Explorer and if so why?|Well internet explorer sucked, but edge isn’t that bad. It’s a pretty good browser and it doesn’t use all of your ram like Chrome does. I only use it when I’m actually using it as a internet browser though. When I’m using google docs or anything like that I’ll use chrome because the integration is nice.
Reddit, what do you do to comfort yourself after you've been rejected?|cry in the shower
What is an amazing example where technology has transformed healthcare?|I m going out on a limb here but I think the defribilator was pretty big deal.
What is the funniest name you have actually heard used in the real world?|Maryjawana it's in school year book.
What do you guys do in your spare time?|"Play video games.  
Spend 20 minutes deciding what movie to watch, spend 3 minutes watching it before falling asleep.  
Working out."
What's the worst thing you did to someone?|degrade them with very personal insults, so much so that the people around were surprised at what i said
What minor change would destroy the world if everyone did it ?|Called in sick for work. imagine everyone on earth did it the same day. absolute chaos
Why does Trump want to waste taxpayer money on a completely pointless military parade?|Because North Korea does it and he wants to wave America's big cock in North Korea's face.
What are you wearing right now?|#LOTS OF WARM CLOTHES BECAUSE IT'S 2 DEGREES OUTSIDE
What do you think is overrated?|People
Redditors who still have their Christmas lights up, why?|Is it Christmas? Then I guess they're just lights, Paul. Now go spend time with your wife and kids instead of criticizing my house.
How much water life is killed in underwater bomb tests?|If you didn't see or hear something die, did it ever live?
People that have smoked weed with their parents, how was it?|Weird, really weird, you know the moment when you are unsure what is and whatnisnt withing boundaries? That thing jeeps you nervous as hell.
How often do y’all just want to scream into the nothingness void n be done with your fear and anxieties ?|24/7 365
What are some reasons to hate Finland?|They're hel stinki.
20 years from now, what are we going to discover we were wrong about?|**The whole 74 different genders thing.** EDIT: Poorly worded
What's the weirdest thing you've ever found?|The clit
All People of Reddit - How are you doing today?|i feel quite shitty
What's the best example of controlled chaos that you've seen?|Probably punk mosh pits.
What's the last thing that made you facepalm?|feminism, just feminism
[NSFW] What is the worst thing you have ever seen in a public toilet?|a condom and feces in the same toilet
married people of reddit, at what age did you meet your partner and do you regret marrying them?|Met when I was 18 and she was 17.  Went long distance for about 4-5 years. Finally moved in together and got married a year later. Creeping up on our 13th anniversary. No regrets.
What problem are we solving on our planet Earth?|Uhhh... I don't know, none?
Socially awkward people of Reddit, what's your most embarrassing stories of doing stuff in public?|"One would be trying to say ""You're welcome"" and ""No problem"" at the same time and end up saying ""Your problem"""
With modern technology, What would be the best defense against a sky full of arrows coming towards you?|Amy Schumer's fat ass
People who buy several gallons of milk at a time, why do you buy so much milk?|How else do you fill a bathtub full of cereal? Water? Fucking heathen
If thick thighs saves lives, what do other thick things do?|Make my pee pee go boing
What is Earth's greatest natural resource?|kittens
What was the last thing that made you cry?|An old friend of mine was hit by a train and died. My whole community is torn apart.
What's the deal with all the communists at college?|"""free college"" got into their ears last election."
How did you get over a broken heart?|Sex and booze
"Multi-linguals of Reddit, what is the most notable case of ""saying X in this language actually sounds like Y in that language""?"|You mean like the French word phoque?
Teachers, when have you had to put the fear of God into a class, and how do you feel about it now?|Why would you fear God?
Why are Americans against a military parade ?|Because there are better ways to spend the money.
What are your top dating ideas that’s fun or romantic?|"Well you have the classic movie night out !
Or just let's. Eat ice-cream and have a walk or bowling maybe , but to be honest at the end it doesn't really matter as long as you feel satisfied doing what you do it will be awesome !"
Why do 15 yr old teenage girls have attitudes so much?|They think they know everything, and in this day and age, parents like to tell them that they're special and that they do know everything.
[NSFW] What is the most hilariously ridiculous thing you've seen in porn?|young looking teens
Parents of Reddit, what kind of personality does your child have and which cartoon character do they like so much?|He's an asshole and he likes Makka Pakka.
What 2 different films can be combined and edited into 1 longer film?|Debbie Does Dallas and Deep Throat
What religion do you believe and why?|The Jesus one. He was sat next to me on the bus and told me all about it.
People that get their honey where they get their money. Why?|My bank manager owns his own hives.
Why do we like eating things warm?|says you
People of Reddit who broke their more used arm , what was the hardest / most annoying acitivity that you had to complete using ur lesser used arm ?|Writing, cutting food, putting clothes on, taking a shower or bath.
People of Reddit with long hair, what is your favorite everyday hair style?|I just wear it loose. Spent almost 11 years growing it, so there's no way I'm going to just scrape it into a ponytail or a bun.
What's the weirdest thing you've ever found?|The clit
If you have a talent that you've tried to make a living from, what are the biggest problems you usually encounter when looking for a paid gig?|i don't know if this is the answer you're looking for, but i am a tarot reader as a hobby and people (generally) agree that i have the special touch or whatever. my biggest problems making money with it are inconsistent traffic wherever i put my table and bible thumpers.
What do you hate about your current job?|the people there
What is your la la land moment?|When I was in high school more than 25 years ago I was in a heavy rain storm with a girl I was dating and we sang Singin In The Rain to completion complete with puddle splashes and dancing.
Reddit, which fake photograph or video clip fooled you the most?|Trump's head being superimposed on those newfangled porn clips
What is the dumbest Get-Rich-Quick scheme you've seen?|College
What was your greatest childhood fear?|communism, still is
Why is Uma Thurman so...hot...?|You just like those feet don't you
Redditors who woke up somewhere other than their bedroom in April of 2008, what happened?|Weird question but I visited D.C. for the first time in April 2008 and ended up finding my first boyfriend there on a later trip so I guess that was a significant change of scenery...?
What do you love about Amy Schumer?|I love the fact that I remain blissfully unaware of who this person is.
What have you last copied and pasted?|( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  This.
People who willingly choose Pepsi over Coke, why?|My mum told me not to do drugs.
What is the best podcast you've ever listened to?|I've never enjoyed one nearly as much as How Did This Get Made
"How do you ask people out when ""just do it, no one cares, YOLO, rejection doesn't mean you're a bad person, what have you got to lose asshole?"" doesn't motivate you?"|Give up
why is the lag of sex is important to to people since there is no harm done?|"My sex don't lag mate.  
I must have Fibre or something because my shits over before it even starts."
No serious answers allowed. What have you got to say now?|Trump is a very stable genius.
How does finishing a 6-pack of beer usually make you feel?|Satiated and sometimes violent
Why would an ex look at your Instagram story ten times a day when he doesn't follow you?|He’s stalking your page
What would you do if your ex started tagging you in social media posts after a break up?|Unfriend them.
What was the 'Play Stupid Games Win Stupid Prizes' moment you saw?|When I attacked a wild goat with a tent pole
What happens to you if you get little sleep each day?|You get sleepy.
What’s a small thing you cannot help silently judging other people for?|Messed up eyebrows, messed up winged liner It’s all I can see when they talk to me
What's your favourite childhood memory?|diving from a ten-meter rock into the sea
What purpose do the Kardashians have in life?|To help set a good example for the youth
Hey Reddit, if you had an imaginary friend, what would his/her characteristics be?|"What do you mean ""if""?"
What are some embarrassing questions you have?|Does this look infected? (Unzips pants)
What still amazes you about society/daily life?|Just how much people still give a fuck about shit that doesn't affect them in any way shape or form.
Redditors who have had a near death experience, how did it happen and what did you see?|IED...Iraq...I saw death
Aside from rules 1 and 2, what are some good tips for a first date?|Rule 34 is always good to bring up.
Men of reddit, what is your favourite dish the woman in your life cooks for you?|She makes a fucking mean lamb dinner.
On a scale 1--10, how much do you enjoy your life?|An average of 8. The number usually goes up when I wonder what my 15-year-old self would think of me today
Comic book readers of Reddit, what is your favorite book or series?|Marvel vs. DC. It was convoluted but it defined my comic-reading, childhood years. And it was, ironically, less disappointing than the Star Wars prequels.
If you were invincible for a day, what would you do?|sleep
"What ""high end"" product or service is barely better than the regular priced product/service?"|Premium gasoline. If your car doesn't require it to run, it does nothing for you.
Redditors in a relationship, do you find your SO attractive because you love them, or are they actually conventionally pretty/handsome? Why do you think so?|"Both.  
Because she is attractive.  
But also more attractive 'cause she's mine."
What are some college life pro tips?|Exercise at least 3 days a week!!
What food should never be made classy?|Fish and chips
When a stranger on a plane is clearly scared of being in the air, what's a good way to comfort them?|"""Don't worry, we'll be with Allah soon."""
why is the lack of sex is important to to people since there is no harm done?|No harm done. Why lack of sex is so important to people. Read more inside.
What decision do you regret not making and ended up backfiring on you?|I should have went to law school. I instead married my wife. We are getting a divorce and now I am getting my education in law. :(
Why do some hot girls want to work for some minimum wage jobs when they can easily just pimp themselves easily for so much more money?|the hell is this shite
What is the best video game song?|Portal - Still Alive
What is the most intricate lie you have told and gotten away with?|back when I was young my buddy finger blasted his GF on the bus ride into class and we all paid him about $3.50 each to smell his fingers.
Parents of Reddit, what was an unexpected challenge of raising kids that you encountered?|"Maintaining your individuality during the early stages of parenthood.  
Having a child is very time consuming, very tiring, and it's easy to pigeonhole yourself into a linear routine that revolves entirely around the child."
Those who struggled to get into anime, what was that one anime that broke said struggle?|Full Metal Alchemist.  Frankly, I'm still not a huge anime fan, but Fullmetal Alchemist, Cowboy Bebop and Trigun are fantastic.
Parents of Adult Film Stars, how do you feel and why?|Does this include step-parents?
How do you honestly feel about Bill Maher?|Right on religion, super biased on politics. Pretty funny.
What your opinion about birth control and its effects on society?|It removes a consequence for peoples frivolous sexual exploits, and is probably better for society than having people who are ill-equipped, harbour children due to a one night stand.
How do you make ice cream soup and who first invented it?|Let it melt, and the first guy to let it melt...
Guys: How would you react if your SO asked to bring another dude or two into the mix?|Bye.
People that think there's never an excuse to hit a woman even if she hits you first, why do you think like this?|only self defense
Hey Reddit, what is the nickname of you or somebody you know, and what is the odd story behind it?|"My nick name is Turp, Turpen, or Turpentine.  This happened randomly one day when my friend started called me ""gurfrintine"" (my names Griffin). His brother who's a year younger starting getting in on it and it became a game to us to make funny/insulting nicknames.  At one point I'm not really sure why my friends brother starting sing my nicknames into a song. It went to the best of dragon tales (lol) and went  ""Gurfintine smurfintine everyone loves Turpentine"" And it stuck"
What is the best way to ask someone out on Valentine's Day you have known of or experienced?|just ask them, if they want to then they would say yes no matter how you ask
Demisexual redditors who are married/have been married, what was/is your marriage like? Do you find it works out better than non-demi relationships?|Wtf is demisexual?
People who recently went through drastic changes in life (for better or worse), what happened?|we broke up last june and im yet to pick up the pieces of my broken self. i still do good in school but its a pain for me to be there and see her, i just want to graduate and go to college.
What's a frustration you have that you feel not many people can relate to?|Where am I going to spend all this money while also managing to lug around my monster dong
How did you get someone to stop bullying you?|I knocked out their two front teeth.
Chill people of Reddit, what made you lose your cool?|breaking up with her
So have any of you ever interacted with the Mafia or other Organized crime? What happened?|A friend of mine went to college in Japan for a while. For extra money he would “play test” pachinko machines at the new pachinko parlor. (Presumably to make sure the house would win.) Apparently “big pachinko” is controlled by the yakuza. He was paid in cash by a guy missing his pinky.
Using only what is immediately within reach of you, how many different ways can you incapacitate me?|Are you allergic to redbull? Because if not I could stab you with my pocket knife, but I kind of use that for opening boxes and cutting zipties and I like this one, so I'd rather not have it locked up in evidence somewhere.
What do guys like more, the funny girl or the quieter girl?|Depends entirely on the person.
Were you able to quit smoking? If so, how?|Just stop, easy. Not joking either, just stop. Anxiety and sleeplessness and even a little bit of random sweating will last about  a week to 10 days. Tell all your friends and family you stopped smoking so may not be yourself for  a while, that way when you're being an arsehole they will give you a break... it's well worth waiting for that 10 day feeling, when you wake up and don't crave to smoke. Suddenly you can smell and taste food better than it's ever been, and the smell of people smoking will revolt you.
Question Of The Day:- What Is Your Greatest Fear?|Becoming too powerful for this planet
What are some ideas that can be made and then sold for profit?|1.-Make something or provide a service that can be made or provided 2.-Sell it. 3.-??? 4.-Profit.
What unlucky circumstance can you imagine yourself in, that would have you questioning if perhaps you were actually very lucky, the third time it happened?|suicide. first was self harm. second was tylenol, got my stomach pumped. third was 3 days ago, i tried to hang myself and was lucky enough to use plywood and nails, the plywood couldnt handle my body weight and dropped me. went to school and about everyone was very concerned and i realized how luck i am to survive.
Why are you so weak?|Physically? Because I enjoy being lazy too much.
What do you regret?|All the hours I spent watching porn instead of living life.
Slackers of Reddit, how do you get the motivation to finish a task?|You don't you find a way out of said task. Thats if you're a real slacker.
What is better, democratic socialism or free market capitalism? Why?|Free market capitalism, obviously. It just works.
Where and when do you have your best ideas?|Not where they are needed and a day too late.
Anxious people of Reddit, how are you all doing today?|IM NOT AS FINE AS I SEEM. pardon...
What is your guilty pleasure?|Videogames.
What is one really specific thing you do that you think others do too but at the same time you could be the only one doing it?|I like to stick my fingers into the front gums of my dogs.
Redditors, what has been explained to you repeatedly, but you still don’t understand?|Bitcoin
What is something you’ve seen that you cannot prove?|God
What childhood film has not aged well at all?|Teen Titans has gone from an amazing show to having a pathetic reboot with no creativity or action
What is the worst case of 'rich kid syndrome' you've seen?|"my case. id describe it as being self aware but not bothering to change bc if people want to be my friend then they'd accept me for who i am.  also this quote from bad moms about entitlement is spot on: ""It means that mummy and daddy have been spoiling you, and now you think that the world owes you something, but it doesn't."""
Who is the scariest fictional character?|Willy Wonka seems like an absolute creep
What is your favourite song right now ?|Praying - Kesha
What are dangerous hobbies you have?|drugs!
What is the best thing mankind has or made?|Writing
Why didn’t Vitaminwater ™ just put some vitamins in the water. Would that not have made everyone happy?|Don't give them ideas on how to raise their 3 dollar bottle of salt water to 6 dollars.
Virgins of Reddit, how old are you and why are you still a virgin?|Almost 21, ASIAN.CATHOLIC.OVERBEARING.PARENTS
Redditors who've beaten depression without medication, how did you do it?|"Everyday I have to repeat in my head the many things I have done positive in my life. And by remembering the one rule that always stabilizes me. ""someone always has it worse than I do"" I know I have a lot going on that is very negative, financially, medically, which all add up to the mentally. But if others with much worse situations can survive and come out with hope and strength, then there is no reason for me to give up.  It may take a lot of mental arguing and panic to get things done, but in the end I have hope that it will all be worth it. I have a few procedures this year and will be starting on pain management medication. Hopefully they all work out and I can slowly get back to normal."
What are some futuristic scifi type shows you would recommend?|Well its not futuristic but its scifi: Stranger Things
How do you like to spend a lazy chilled out Sunday morning?|Cutting out coupons while listening to jazz music
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done and got away with?|When I was 16 I sat on a swan but the swan was chill so I walked away unpecked.
What can you not believe you got away with?|being alive after Iraq
What are you doing to promote diversity and dismantle the patriarchy?|Im going to watch oceans 8 when it comes out
What's smells funny but addicting?|TRUFFLE
What is the best way to spend a Friday?|Askreddit with no pants. Or going out to a bar with friends
What subject should we just talk about, instead of doing all weird about it?|BOOTY SEX
What do you love about the snow?|It makes everything look pretty.
What is the best dream you ever had?|I am the king of the world
Which Olympic opening ceremony was the best?|China was insane
how is sand created?|Erosion over millions of years
Former attention seekers, how do you curb your instinct to be liked by everyone and in everything you do all the time ?|FIRST!
Drinkers of Reddit, what’s your ‘I’m never drinking again’ story?|r/alcoholism
Which is the best place to go for a romantic date in Canada?|Viagra falls
Do you promote any post on Reddit? If you promote, why or why not?|Mostly my own. Because they're the best duh (I may be biased)
What should people eat after having been stuck in bed with the flu?|A curry with Garlic naans
What relatively easy jobs have fancy titles?|Office Administrator
Why or why not are guys into reserved versus outgoing girls?|"There's a thing called ""Preference""  
You'll find everyone has their own."
Have you been catfished, or catfished someone else? What’s your story?|I’ve never been catfished, but I’ve seen other accounts using my pictures to catfish other people. It’s weird
All your co-workers are fired and you have been put incharge to hire new ones and you can choose from any ficitonal character from a hit TV-series. Who do you hire?|Michael Scott
How are you doing today?|Im okay, kind of a mixed bag. I went for coffee with a friend and talked about hard life stuff and smoked a lot and then had the courage to reach out to an old friend, so not too bad.
If you and your friends were a person, what part of that person would you be?|The faeces
Redditors who look way younger/older than their real age : what are the awkward situations you have been for that ?|"I was waiting for my SO and housemate at our local when I started having a chat with the woman at the bar. She was asking about how old my SO and housemate were. I told her ""both 23"". Her - ""Ah, so is this like a work or a family thing?"" Me - ""Sorry?"" Her - ""Like, are they co-workers or family?"" Me - ""Oh, no. It's my girlfriend and housemate."" Suddenly started talking about how I managed to pull someone so young and went on about how older men are so much more mature and she gets it. Turns out, the girl at the bar thought I was in my mid-late thirties. I'm 24..."
What food combination sound disgusting but tastes delicious?|grapes and cheese, like seriously its amazing
Lets brainstorm. What are your ideas for a cool product or service?|Florida Man...the video game
What is the most memorable moment in your life?|I can't remember.
People of reddit, what is the oldest file you have in your computer and why do you still keep it?|Program files(x86) it’s been with me the whole time I’ve had my pc. And it stores all those important files. Gotta love it
What was the most unexpected turn of events that you've ever witnessed?|Mistakenly opening of the Berlin wall
Do you own an animal besides a dog or cat, that has a very strong personality? If so, what is it, and how does it express itself?|I have a mini pig named Oreo. He’s very vocal about his feelings and you can tell by his grunts and body language exactly how he feels
Whats your age and whats your net worth ?|"25  
I'd rather not value myself in monetary terms, I'm worth a lot (unless you mean monetary terms in which case plsbuymelunch)"
People that have died and come back to life, what was it like?|It was nothingness.  I drowned and had to get resuscitated - when I inhaled a lungful of water I just blacked out completely and there was nothingness until I finally woke up with the worst imaginable pain / sensation in my chest, coughing and spluttering and a couple of cracked ribs from the CPR. 0/10 would recommend but on the up side I'm not scared of dying anymore, it's just like going into a dreamless sleep.
What imaginary friend or personified object did you have when you were younger?|"I had two imaginary alligators called George and Lucy. They lived under the stairs with their alligator family. We moved a lot when I was younger (army child) but they always came with us. The removal company would even pack a box with ""careful - alligators"" written on it and take it carefully to our new house!"
What medication do you regret taking?|Oxycontin. stuff is addicting
What makes a girl boring?|Girls who never know what they want to do except specifically not the things you suggest. That gets boring really quick.
What's a phrase or saying that you find annoying?|For the love of god it’s not “should of” or “could of”. I understand it sounds that way, but for people who write/type it the wrong way, have you never seen should’ve or could’ve written out? You never questioned what those words were and maybe thought to yourself that you were wrong? I don’t get it
What do you take for granted?|Having two parents who love and support me. Growing up you think it’s a given, but it’s really not. Sometimes I think about it and it blows my mind, there are two people on this earth who would die for me if they had to.
Burned out employees, what was the point you realized you no longer cared about your job?|When I realized that no matter how hard I tried, I was losing.
If someone went back in time and killed Hitler, how would that change things today?|"I don’t think it would have changed history as much as most people think it would.  
Hitler didn’t create the conditions that made the holocaust possible, nor was he the only one to orchestrate it.  
If it wasn’t him there probably would have been another person filling the same role."
What's the climax of your life (as of now)?|Being born
What is the best euphemism for having sex?|Smashin’ pissers
Besides Morgan Freeman, who would you have narrate your life?|David Attenborough
What is something you did or said that still makes you cringe today?|had a facebook memory come up this morning saying >XD Gaaah Reddit!!!! Why do you have to be down when I'm about to post my new rage comic!!!!?111 LOL it hurts...
What's the best thing about being a girl?|the perogative to have a little fun
What is the strangest realization you remember having?|"At around 10 or 12 years old I realized that when I felt bad, I was the only one feeling bad and I could choose not to. It gave me a weird sense of freedom I had never experienced before.
Edit: That and taking mushrooms for the first time but thats another story"
What is the worst confession you have ever been told that you are unable to repeat(unless you do it anonymously)?|Bush did 9/11
Has anybody here ever met Al Pacino? What was he like?|"He kept saying ""I'm not Al Pacino! Get your hands off me, let me go!"" and ""Please, I have a family!"" Classic Pacino, am I right?"
Dear Free Sample Workers of Reddit, do you care if we come back for seconds or grab multiple? Why?|I didn't when I worked that job because I had a finite quantity to give away and after that I could basically just hang out.
What beverage do you typically drink with each of the 3 meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner)?|water
What clique were you a part of during high school?|Stoners
Which two subreddits should never get mixed up?|r/Lifeprotips and r/shittylifeprotips
How was your 1st sleep paralysis experience?|Really freakin terrifying
What part of life should be in slow motion?|When I sleep, seems like it goes too fast
Reddit, what are simple problems you need to be solved?|I just need 5 more '0s at the end of my bank balance.
Redditors who took a small insignificant step to change a habit, what was the step and how does it look now?|I quit smoking for about an hour yesterday.
Men of reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve used as lube? Was it effective?|Tooth paste. And no not even remotely effective. It hurt as well
Guitarists of Reddit, what's the most often begginers mistakes?|Not properly tunning. So annoying.
What was the strangest (weirdest) thing that you got as a present?|"got a T-shirt from my mom saying: "" I wish my parents still love me """
What would be the theme tune to your life ?|Migraine or Ode to Sleep by TØP
Why does time fly when having fun?|There's actually multiple studies into the effects endorphins can have in the brain. One of which can amend the very fabric of time space and make it go by faster than you previously realised.
What makes you angry just thinking about it?|Hotdogs coming in packs of 8 whilst the buns come in packs of 6.
Homicide Kits and Mugging Kits would never be accepted by society, so why are we okay with Rape Kits?|What? The kit doesn’t... help you rape people...
Men of reddit, what's your favorite sex position and why?|Piledriver.
High IQ means very little, what's the real intelligence?|Competence
What are some pornstars that have this almost alien-like otherwordly insane hotness?|Charity Crawford
Reddit, have you got over your 'first love' if so how long did it take?|1 year
Why don't you talk to your former best friend anymore? Could your friendship be fixed?|he was a fucking rat, spreading rumors about people and stalking women. didnt wanna be associated with him
Which is better Marvel or DC?|I wish they'd take a break making movies unless not for children.
Married peope of Reddit, if you had to have your wedding all over again what would you do differently?|Invite less people, spend less money. Weddings are boring as a groom.
What is something that fucked you up just a little bit?|Most of my experiences in school, tbh. Severe and vicious bullying. Left me with confidence issues. Trust issues. The works.
What's a rather unknown but friggin hot pornstar?|> Who Pornstars are people too.
What's the best free video editor that's noob friendly?|Movie maker
In 20 years, what is something a child will not believe about the present day?|The do you Kno de wey meme
If you can have lady deodorants and lady razors and lady xyz why can't you have lady Doritos?|Cucumber is Lady Doritos
Whats your favourite positive historical figure that grew up with a bad background?|I've got a friend feeling shitty about having bad patents. Please give me some examples that there not doomed to repeat their mistakes.
What's the worst personality you've experienced in your life?|Narcissist.
What classic song or film wouldn't be remotely popular if it was released this year?|"I'd say The Godfather. It may be one of my favourite films of all time but I think it would end up being an unknown masterpiece as most people would see it and just think ""Oh, a boring mafia movie"" and ignore it."
What was the last lie you said ?|Hello.
People who catcall, why?|Me-wow.
How would you describe your level on the social ladder back in high school?|Stretched out on it like an angry toddler on the floor. I kind of mingled in different social groups, although some of the groups definitely did not get along.
What do you guys think will change our world drastically in the next 25 years in a positive way?|Solar Paneling becoming mainstream to everyone.
"What was your worst ""Hold my beer while..."" moment?"|I was at a house party once. I knew pretty much everyone there, and they all had a tendency to be chill and respectful. However, one of the girls decided to bring her new boyfriend, whom happened to be a dealer and huge cokehead. He misheard a comment at some point in the night and thought some guy was insulting his girlfriend, and pulled out a knife and started threatening the poor innocent guy. I shoved my drink in to my friends hand so fast, bodychecked this asshole in to the wall and pried the knife out of his hands before he had the chance to realize what was going on. This guy wasn't beefy or anything, but he was fit and quite a bit taller than me. I'm a 5'2 female, and I'm really proud of that night.
How do you know you're with the one and not just experiencing relationship problems that result in fights?|If someone your with drains your energy as opposed to givig you energy, or you feel like your walking on eggshells throughout the relaionship, thats not normal. When you meet someone that makes you the feel that you can do anything in the world- your good.
Whats the best thing about being a guy?|not having a period. period.
Who is the intimidating person you have ever met?|Probably my wife's father
Gamers of Reddit, about how much money would you estimate you've spent on digital goods? What rights should you have regarding your digital items?|"I've only recently started buying digital copies of things.  
I'd probably say around £300?  
And I should have the right to use my item however I see fit, providing it's not illegal."
What is a highly unconventional way in which a couple that you know first met?|This student at college was climbing over the roof of the accommodation block at night but was seen by staff who were obviously going to punish him if he got found. He decides his best course of action is to climb into the window of the nearest room he sees with a girl inside and proceeds to ask her to get naked with him so when staff come round looking for him he can pretend they've been having sex. They're now married
A famous person ring your doorbell and wants to hang out with you for a day. Who is this person and what will you do this day?|"Sir David Attenborough.  
And hopefully just chill, eat some food. Watch some penguins."
Reddit, how did you get unintentionally tea bagged?|Got dunked on by Giannis Antedekoupos
Who's watching the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games right now?|Are the Olympics happening rn?
How do you feel about celebrating birthdays at work?|Don't.  Not because I don't want to ruin anyone else's birthday, but because it makes me uncomfortable for mine to be celebrated.  Who knows how many others there are that don't speak up.
You have to do a Ted talk, what do you talk about and why?|"""Why you should just care a bit less"" 
Because people spend so long getting bent out of shape about shit that doesn't affect them, that they let it affect them.   
  
There's so many people I know, that get so enrages about situations totally out of their control, that they let it ruin their days. Why bother?"
What were you in a past life?|a flower.
What is the first thing you would tell your family member that just came out of a 10 year coma?|Welcome to the World of tomorrow!
What's your go-to grocery store?|Woolworths
People of Reddit, what have you got for lunch today?|shit, nothing. i need to go grocery shopping.
What's the worst thing someone has ever given you?|A broken heart
What would celebrities that died before the internet, post on the internet if they were still alive?|The Earth is round you retards- Pythagoras.
what other country would you choose as your native land and why?|Japan. I love everything Japanese...Japanese food, Japanese tea, Japanese cars, Japanese anime, Japanese horror, Japanese culture and Japanese women.
Former kids of Reddit, what’s the worst thing you ever did in your childhood?|I had a huge ant mound in my backyard. One day I got a huge bucket of water and I poured it right on top and watched as the ants were drowning or carried off.
People whose headphones are loud enough to hear from across the room, doesn't that hurt?|Depends on the headphones. Some are heard really easily.
What’s something you will never buy the knockoff version of?|Ak47
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?|Probably the one when I was a zombie train conductor.
As a mother of a 16 year old boy, what would one want to watch out for and/or ignore when helping him redo his room?|"Watch out for; Home made grenades.  
Ignore; Shoeboxes. Socks. Toilet roll."
Redditors who've farted while walking/running on a treadmill, what's so incredibly satisfying about it?|the increased speed
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?|Send Nudes
What song will make you instantly change the station?|No song, really. But there is one really obnoxious shouting car dealer - I will change the station when his commercials come on.
What's the most hurtful thing you can say to someone who betrayed you and/or broke your heart?|Don't
What is the weirdest thing you've ever seen in a Wal-Mart?|Saw a poop on the floor once.
Reddit, what the longest you've had a song stuck in your head and what was it?|There is this certain song on the internet that a LOT of people link to. Yes, it's Chocolate Rain.
Awkward people who overcame your awkwardness, how did you overcome it?|awkwardly.
What are life's minigames?|trying to find a bathroom when you need to go
To all the gamers out here,what is that one thing we do before we face the final boss or reach the penultimate level??|Save.
what was the creepiest thing you believed as a kid?|Bloody Mary
What’s the most physical pain you have personally experienced?|period pain, and I've experienced a lot of pain
What’s your favorite fan theory?|Agent Smith is the good guy Ferris Bueller is a sociopath
If the illuminati exists why would they put symbols of their existence everywhere?|So conspiracy theorists look crazy.
Redditors who admin company social media pages, what is it like?|It’s not as glamorous as you think. I’ve worked on small businesses, giant brands and more. People are inherently jerks, and most of the time they want to heckle your brand. I’ve worked as a social media manager for over 5 years.
What's something you inexplicably lost and never found again?|My self esteem
Why do sites (like Google, Facebook, etc.) keep pediodically changing their UIs for no discernable reason?|"If it ain't broke, don't fix it. 
VKontakte, for example, has had the same interface for yonks and it's perfectly serviceable - why does FB need to overhaul things periodically? And Google just seem to be incapable of designing anything that works."
It happens to the best of us, why did you get fired from a job?|I forgot to pack a power cord for a medical device that was being shipped off to America. I think the main reason I got fired though, was I signed off on the paperwork saying that I did do it.
Guns are now the third leading cause of death for children in America. What price would you pay for freedom?|rolls eyes
Hey reddit! How can somebody get in relationship with a sex worker?|"Hey Redditor!  
Unless you're willing to understand that they're likely going to continue being a sex worker, and you're not going to have any kind of mental breakdown 3 weeks down the line due to your own insecurities, I'd recommend you avoid it."
Who is in the space suit?|Stanley Kubrick
Which is Best Indian Grocery Online In Irving?|Kyrie
When our current stars turn 84 like Quincy Jones and stop giving a fuck, what secrets will they reveal about their peers?|Everyone is going to talk about what a nice, well adjusted young man Marshall Mathers was.
What's a subreddit you enjoyed at first but, upon closer inspection, you realised it was actually much worse than it seemed?|R/AskWomen
What is something Hollywood need to stop doing?|Remaking old movies.
If you could be a master at any mundane task, what would it be?|Folding omelets.
Dear Redditors what is your description of a productive day?|Do all the needed stuff.  Pay the bills, do laundry, straighten up the house.
What products are better off made in China?|electronics unless you want your phones to cost a shitload more
Friend is finally making a Reddit, what subreddits should sub to immediately.?|Shower Thought and ELI5 are my go to subreddits
What's the most passive aggressive thing someone's done to you?|Grabbed my dick
People who know they’re attractive, how much work do you put into maintaining that fact?|Right so Every morning:  I shower (obviously) and shampoo my hair, this only takes a short while. I then condition it and leave it in my hair while I brush and floss my teeth and trim my facial hair carefully. I then wash my face with a face sponge and face soap and warm water, put my head back under the shower and wash out the conditioner and rinse my face. I then towel dry and apply moisturizer, blow dry my hair with some putty in it for hold.  This takes about 20 minutes every morning which isn't too bad at all.
What phenomenon are you surprised to hear that scientists haven't found an answer for?|Yawning
Where do you think our planet/species is headed within the next 100 years?|Our species is fucked. The planet is not going anywhere. It will be fine without us
why is europe considered/labeled as most progressive, cultural, highest-quality-life place when almost every integral invention or cultural aspect comes from asia?|Invention vs. implementation
"What are some gifs or videos that would best describe the saying ""boys will be boys"" ?"|"Go to youtube and look up the phrase, ""hold my beer."""
What is your most interesting magical creature or urban legend of your country or your neighborhood?|Panther that is sometimes reported.
Without saying what it's for, what's your favorite mnemonic?|eddy ate dynamite, good bye eddie.
SO’s of light sleepers, how do you get ready in the morning?|In our dressing room.
What's the worst song lyric you that you can think of?|"""Me not working hard?
Yeah, right, picture that with a Kodak
Or, better yet, go to Times Square
Take a picture of me with a Kodak"" And pretty much every other Pitbull lyric."
People of reddit, what color sugar packet at your local restaurant is the tastiest?|Pink, but I’m pretty sure it’s the off-brand Splenda.
What are some of your favorite/coolest hobbies?|Entering, and winning, contests Free online slot machine games Planning vacations, seeking out deals.
What made you smile today?|Today I get to board an airplane with my husband to renew our vows in Vegas - we did a courthouse elope a few months ago, but tomorrow I get to celebrate with friends and family at the chapel that Brittany spears married someone at 5 am. I am stoked!
Are women just as okay with a FWB relationship they know is going nowhere as men are?|Can I ask, I've seen a lot of posts by you asking about what kind of girls guys find attractive or this post for example, is everything ok? ;;
How committed have you seen someone be to a lie?|"In college I was friends with this guy who was a little older, ex army ranger. He had a type a personality for sure. I mean this guy was super energetic, funny, and incredibly outgoing. I swear he could make friends with anyone. Pretty good guy all in all. I found out a few years later he wasn't am army ranger and got injured in basic training. Guy had ranger tats and stories for days from his ""time"" in the service. I confronted him about it and he was literally in tears. Felt bad for him actually. I never outed him out to any of his friends. It wasn't my place to."
What is the craziest thing you've witnessed during Mardi Gras?|GLITTER
Has anyone worked out what order the olympic teams are leaving the tunnel in Pyeongchang?|Alphabetical
What is something you would have placed inside the space roadster?|That flat-earth guy.
How old were you when you invented ice cream soup?|Peewee invented ice cream soup, he taught me how to make it when I was 6 or so.
What do you think makes a person automatically more likable?|Being nice, a kind person always has more friends than a dude one
What secret if revealed would destroy your social life?|Jokes on you I don’t have a social life
If you could be any fantasy creature, what would you be and why?|Human.
What was your realization that your relationship wasn't going to work out?|After three years together, I realized I didn’t want her at my uncle’s funeral.
Not counting America, which country produces the best porn?|>not counting America... Found the American
What video deserves way more views than it has?|Well there're a fair few of Public Toilet Reviews out there, that really don't get seen by as many people as you'd think.
Which classic book do you not understand the love for?|Anything by Ayn Rand
Adults of Reddit, what do you regret not doing in high school?|Being myself.
How would you get along with a clone of yourself?|Pretty well. I’d also try get in his pants.
With the current trend of making things gender neutral, which Female Specific terms would change?|What male specific terms have changed?
Out of curiosity, what are embarrasing things you asked to adults as a kid?|Why can't use just understand that *communism does work*??
Whats your biggest fear ?|To loose someone
Whats your Plans on Valentine's Day 2018‬‬?|I'm thinking the Mrs would appreciate a practical gift, like something for my fish tank.
What is Worth Procrastinating?|Dying.
What single piece of information would have most benefited your younger self?|Wear clothes that fit. I legitimately dressed like David Byrne in *Stop Making Sense*.
Redditors Who Believe in Ghosts, what event affirmed your beliefs?|When the ghost gave me a handjob
What makes you think ”there is still hope for humanity” ?|All this Elon Musk space shit.
What is the most horror movie-esque experience you have lived through?|This happened yesterday with me. My girlfriend texted me that her phone is playing music randomly, and I tell her that it’s probably a glitch and that she should restart her phone. I go to my phone’s homescreen right after texting her that, and my phone goes ‘raindrop, drop top’ out of nowhere. I scratched my head about it for an hour and I’m still clueless as to what to do.
"What's the ""pineapples on pizza"" of your favorite dish?"|pineapples on pizza tbh
If you could go anywhere in the universe without the possibility of dying, where would you go and why?|Black whole for obvious reasons
What are some of the most underrated historical events that are still influencing modern world ?|The Peace of Westphalia, which ended the 30 Years' War, established the modern geopolitical paradigm in which the nation-state is treated as the highest level of sovereign authority.
What common post/reply would you forbid from being upvoted?|This
Why isn't there some sort of nickname for the Hollywood scandal? One of those half-assed creative moniker/pun/gate titles?|Because even the infotainment news of today knows that some subjects should be treated with some modicum of respect. EDIT: typo
Of you who lost parents. How did you process the news?|"i lost my ""dad"" (my grandpa really) recently, i kinda thought hed live forever. it still doesnt seem real and my son is having a really hard time he thought grandpa was the coolest"
"whats the biggest "" fall from grace"" you have ever witnessed ??"|Bill Cosby
How was your or your girls first experience with anal?|The strap on got stuck in my asshole and she had to call the ambulance
People of /r/askreddit who ask questions that have really obvious answers, why do you do this?|some people are not looking for something logical, they just wanna watch the world burn
Can Haitians be considered Latinos? Why or why not?|If they have Spanish or Portuguese decent, sure.
What is a Bachelor Profile?|Live eat drink study
What's a way to make the driver that cut you off pay after you follow him home and have his address?|Don’t be a psychopath
What is your opinion about opinions?|Don't have one.
why is spam bad?|It’s spelt sperm. It ain’t bad bro.
What would be some questions from AskReddit in 1968?|"""Should I start a band with some guys from School?"" - /u/BryanAdams"
What are your opinions on head transplants?|sure...why not
what is the real reason behind addictions ?|Filling a void
People of reddit, what is it that you like about the things you like?|They make me feel orgasmy
Tattooed Redditors: what is your worst tattoo experience?|The swollen arm after getting most of a sleeve (wrist to mid bicep) done in one sitting.
What's the weirdest thing you or someone you know has done or said while asleep?|For me, it was one time where I had a dream that I was in a fight. I woke up to find myself punching my pillow while having it in a chokehold.
Former addicts who tried and failed for years to get clean, how did you finally break the cycle?|I finally realized the only way to be a non-smoker was to not smoke. Nicotine is worse than crack.
How thoroughly do you clean your butthole, and what would you recommend for others?|Not sure your momma does it for me. Ask her.
People who speed up to overtake and then slow down when you get in front: why?|If I'm speeding up to overtake, it's because my cruising speed is higher than the person in front of me, so I'll speed up to get around, then slow back down to my cruising speed, which is still faster than the person I passed.
What do you do to stop BO, with no deodorant?|T R A N S E N D
Why do r/niceguys think that girls won't share their shitty rejection responses?|*2009 4chan user voice* because women don't know how to internet loLzOrZ
What's the stupidest thing you ever did when you were younger?|I once ate undercooked chicken that was still pink and soft in the middle to try to get out of school.
Former children of Reddit, what was the worst thing you ever did as a child without realizing it was truly awful?|"TL;DR: while she was taking a shit, I informed my grandma that my grandpa died  I'll start. My maternal grandparents divorced long before I was born and my grandma lived with us until she passed on my early 20s. My grandpa died when I was 8. He had been sick a while but his death was sort of sudden.  My mom got the call he was gone early on a Saturday or Sunday before anyone else was awake but me and her. I ran upstairs to tell my grandma, who turned out was in the bathroom presumably taking a morning shit.  I knocked on the door and yelled through the door ""hey grandma? Grandpa died!"". For the rest of my life, I will never forget the sad ""oh..."" that came from the other side of that door. But at the time, I just kind of shrugged and went to play SNES."
What workout programs can a 61 year old man with diabetes and high blood pressure use beside swimming?|Run on a treadmill
Regardless of qualifications / experience - What would be your ideal job/career?|Food critic, but only if I don’t gain massive weight from doing so.
Redditors. What is your secret to keep motivated?|my kids
If you found out your pets could talk, what is the first thing you’d freak out over/explain yourself for that they’ve possibly witnessed?|"Oh God if my cat can talk.... Fuck... All those times I was like : ""babe, don't worry about it it's just the cat, he's not watching us."""
What’s the longest you’ve been single?|23 years. Am 23.
The internet is shut down for 3 months, so what kind of alternatives do you need to make for your job?|First, I guess I'm walking 13 feet to ask my coworker something instead of emailing.
Have you ever been so fxcking happy and everything seemed to be in place for you for the last few months then suddenly life decided to throw you an upper cut? How did you cope up?|I dont put my happiness in objects circumstances or happenings. This way I am the source of my happiness no matter what outer stuff happens.
What is one small thing you do everyday to make your day better?|Take a bath
What is the best movie you have watched in 2018?|I watched thor Ragnarok pretty late.. so yeah
Who and how have you shared the falcon heavy launch information with that had no idea it even happened and that there is a Tesla heading to orbit Mars?|I have been absolutely amazed over the past couple days at how many people had no idea that this had even taken place. I have been sharing it with everyone I talk to like a crazy excited geek. It's amazing how this information is not known like I thought it would be. I even realized it wasn't brought up in our school system here in Florida at all. No real shocker there though.
What's the one thing your State or Country is best at?|Number of incarcerated citizens...
"Those who live the ""Loner"" lifestyle would you change anything? If so what?"|"""I've never found anyone's company I prefer more than my own."" I'm a young successful entrepreneur.  Obviously owning and managing in the hospitality business, I have to have conversations with strangers. I'm very good with strangers...my problem is generating an actual relationship.  I was always in the popular crowd.  However over the years I prefer to not have any relationships outside of work...  I have friends who invite me to gatherings etc.. but I find it as the equivalent  of doing  house chores.   I live by myself.  But I have the same schedule EVERYDAY. 1. Wake up and rub one off.
2.work out
3. Take a shower
4. Eat breakfast
5. Wake&bake
6. Manage my properties from 10AM to 9PM
7. Eat dinner
8. Get roasted. 9. Play call of duty with the homies ( group of strangers scattered throughout the US.  That I've been playing with for years.)
10. Shower and smoke
11. Rub one off and bed.
12. Repeat. If possible I could I stay in the house 24/7. Anyone else find this lifestyle rather relaxing?   Ultimately I wouldn't change a thing."
Redditors that don't tell their friends and family: What would your friends and family say if they read over your submissions and comments?|That I'm a freak
What is the worst holiday you have ever been on?|Way back in my early teens, we went camping. I hate camping. The sun was too hot; the lake was too cold; and the bugs were relentless... I hated that week.
Former NEETs of Reddit, how did you get our of this hell ?|NEETS always remind me of Edin of the east 😂
What is the most gut-bustingly funny stand—up available ATM that isn’t sardonic, ironic or cynical?|I get a big chuckle every time I use a Chase ATM.  So I guess that answers this question.
Whats your favorite Instant Karma/Justice Served story.?|A girl I used to work with got in trouble for padding her hours and then tried to throw me under the bus and got fired for trying to implicate other people who weren’t.
What are some of the greatest famous last words?|Rosebud
If your country hosted the winter Olympics, what would the opening ceremony be like?|Lots of rain, tutting and queuing. The sports would include stealing supermarket trolleys and shit skateboarding.
What's the strangest or funniest display of gatekeeping that you have ever seen?|That theater that only let women see wonder woman
What are some of your red flags/deal breakers when dating someone?|HIV
What was unthinkable in 2017, but starts to become way more possible in 2018?|elon musk sending car to space
Women of Reddit, what kind of things does your boyfriend do to make you horny and want to have sex with him?|Rub shit on my face
what function would be both harmless and amusing to watch if practised by trump?|Credibility.
How did orcs, lizard men, and other mystical creatures who existed long ago die off?|Old age
People who don’t fill up gas / petrol in cars to a whole round number; who hurt you?|I fill until my tank is full, and that usually isn’t a round number
How the body my bru?|Nice and swol today
What is the most brutal thing that's ever happened to you?|Got in a car accident. Broke my back. Paralyzed from the waist down. Oops.
What do you take great pride in?|That I'm not an emotional fucktard that gets upset when someone voices an opinion I don't agree with.
Redditors, what is your favourite quality in yourself or others?|Physical attractiveness and self-deprecating humor
How can those around you better understand your medical condition?|if someone could explain to my wife that i am colorblind that would be awesome cause iv tried for 6 years
CNN has reported that people are now flying in 'drones'. When do we stop calling them drones, and start calling them Helicopters?|Without a link to be able to be sure, generally speaking Helicopters are piloted by a person on board, drones are piloted by computer or by someone on the ground.
People who have thousands of Facebook friends, why?|They build up over time and I forget to delete them
What is Your Favorite TV Show?|Battlestar Galactica
Which cool games/apps do you recommend for iPhone?|HQ
When you wake up and grab your phone what is the first thing you look at? What is the second?|Whatsapp, Instagram
People that married your high school SO how did your marriage turn out?|20 years and still chugging along.
What’s wrong but sounds right?|Communism
What is the first thing you would purchase, if you won the lottery?|Lunch probably, I'm hungry.
If you were primarily raised by a nanny or at a boarding school, what is your relationship like with your biological parents today?|So my mother was a principle in a very small town, my dad worked 3 hours away so he rented an apartment near his office and came home on weekends. One of my moms teachers where retiring because she was having a grand daughter and was going to babysit her while her parents worked, that being said my mom somehow talked her into babysitting me for “a year”. My mom worked about 14 hours a day being an athletic director, late working principle, etc,etc, so I spent a whole lot of time with these people. My mom was always stressed when she came home and a was a very whiny baby/toddler/child so she would stress about that aswell. It got too a point where I think my babysitters nanny senses where coming in and she would randomly drop by our house and just basically take me home with her for a bit then take me back home. Also once that year of her babysitting ended my babysitter just basically told my mom “no, it’s okay” so I spent about the next 4 years with them. So 11-14 hours a day plus a few nights here and there for 5 years straight. I spent more of my childhood with there family then I did my own. When I was 5 we moved away closer to my dads work so we were about 2ish hours away from them and it was extremely tough to leave but luckily I still get to go down and visit with them on spring break, summer, fall break, etc.  Note* never really had grandparents that I could go over to there house a lot and spend time with them due to complications so they basically took me in as there own and it’s an amazing relationship and I think of them as family more then I think my own.
What's a joke that immediately sounds boring and original but absolutely crushes it at the end?|"This is much harder to make funny writing down than saying out loud but here goes. I went into a café the other day and walked up to the counter and said to the guy ""can I have a full English breakfast please, but I've got a few special requests if you don't mind"". ""Sure, go ahead"" says the man. ""Well, could you cook the eggs for so long that they turn to rubber and could bounce off the floor?"". ""uhh okay no problem we can do that"". ""And can you toast the bread on the highest temperate so it's like eating charcoal?"". ""Yeah I guess so"". ""And could you cook the beans for so long that they just turn to mush?"". ""..okay we can do that"". ""Oh and finally can you make sure that the sausages are raw in the middle but also burnt on the outside"". A few moments go pass and the man looks up and says ""look mate we don't have enough time to fuss about doing all that stuff"". So I said ""WELL YOU HAD ENOUGH TIME TO DO IT LAST WEEK!""."
People of Reddit, how do you feel when a stranger pets your dog?|My dog won’t let anyone else pet him :(
Reddit, what is your uncommon or obscure hobby?|I love taking naps to ASMR videos
What do you think of the constant media narrative about Melania Trump being a ‘victim’?|How do they portray her as being a victim? I generally stay away from MSM.
What’s something you used to hate but now feel the opposite about?|Drugs
What's the most overrated movie, tv show or book in your opinion?|Harry Potter. I really don’t see what all the fuss is about.
Guitarists of Reddit, what are the most common beginners mistakes?|Learning how to play Wonderwall.  Seriously though, bad pick or strumming technique. Most beginners are so focused on fingering patterns, they neglect learning proper pick / strumming habits.
Hey reddit, what is your favourite song(s)?|How to fly - Sticky fingers
What's the most embarrassing social slip up you made at school?|"*raise hand*
*the teacher let me speak*
""I forgot"""
If countries had human personalities, what's your country's personality like?|Drunk, angry, hypocritical and with a misplaced sense of pride. Possibly a heroin addict.  EDIT - Spelling.
People in their 20's and beyond, when did you notice that your friends started dying?|When my friend wasn't at school the next day as he had killed himself.
Which of your possessions has the most sentimental value?|This one.
who will be remembered the longest in history out of all the people alive today?|Elon Musk
What's the best way to start a conversation on a flight with that cute guy/girl sitting beside you?|Hey single serving friend, We have the exact same suitcase
What would you like to launch into space so thousands of people can watch a livestream of it floating?|A flat earther
What are some nice psychological tricks do you use?|Lean forward while talking to someone, maintaining eye contact if you want them to give you space.
What is your policy on flaky people?|**repost**
What do you think would happen if people weren't capable of forgetting?|There would be a hell of a lot less advocates of communism walking around.
You and the last person you talked to are stranded on a deserted island, how well do you survive?|Are there any resources on that island?
What is a game you loved as a child that now years later doesn't hold up?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What’s the first thing you notice about someone’s personality?|I dont even know my own personality.
What’s your opinion about having wild animals, like snakes, as pets?|Meh, it's fine. I have a cockatoo, he's happier with me than he would be in the shop.
What is a sound that you like hearing?|Stepping into fresh snow!
What is that thing you don't like doing or regret doing, yet you still do it frequently?|Stop at Taco Bell after work
Redditors who work from home, what are some must have items when working from home?|Good internet connection and a Keurig
What is YOUR version of staying healthy?|Drinking water every single day. Keeping sugar and fats to a minimum. Maintain a well balanced diet. Exercise everyday. Mental health.
What film is better than the book?|Passion of the Christ
What would be the most embarrassing way to die?|Masturbating on a public toilet.
What changes would you like to see in the 2020s?|electric PLANES!
What should you never do when you are really really tired?|Drive
What is your greatest fear in an airport?|Mine is waiting forever at the baggage claim and finding out the luggage is lost
What's a NSFW fact (that really happened) you won't find in history books?|"The blacks of Haiti led a genocidal revolution to oust the French and establish a ""blacks only"" ethnostate. This is why Haiti to this day is a festering shithole filled with decaying buildings from the 18th century."
Former homosexuals and bisexuals of Reddit, what turned you straight?|The power of Jesus Christ
What's a way to make the driver that cut you off pay after you follow him home and gain his address?|Tell Moltisanti that he killed hia father
Who got caught cheating in your classroom?|DrDisrespect
What products have you purchased based solely on its advertisement?|Pretty much nothing since I was a kid. I do a ridiculous amount if research before I make purchases.
What are some tips when travelling to Malta?|"My wife and I plan to travel to Malta sometime this year. What are some good things to know before going? What should we do or see? Tips on booking flights and lodging? (It'd be U.S. east coast to Malta)
Any precautions we should take?"
What are some atypical items to have or things you can buy that can improve your quality of life?|hygiene products tbh
What meal could be prepared for you that was so amazing it would immediately make you want to reciprocate with some oral sex?|I love performing oral sex so it wouldn’t take much.
Married redditors, do you play video games and does it affect your marriage? How often do you play?|I play pretty much every night and I also play Warhammer. The wife also plays games and we normally play together with a few friends, it is brilliant! We were playing FFXIV but recently moved onto Monster Hunter: World. She doesn't play Warhammer yet, but she has been making armies of Orks in Battlescribe, I'll have her playing before long!
you have 24 hours to find and kill me. how do yuo go about it?|go to gotham and start doing crimes, shouldn’t be that hard
What is something more people should know/know about?|The Heimlich maneuver/CPR
How does gamestop price buying used games? Is it just an arbitrary price?|Like most things, they use a depreciation model based on equivalent price and factoring in max profit.
Male rape victims, how did it feel?|Really could have wrote that better.
What are you currently addicted to?|Validation
What song or piece of music gives you tingles every time you hear it?|Brighton Rock guitar solo
Do casinos hire women as supervisors ? If yes, what do they look for in a woman and what would make them choose a woman over a man ?|Companies should hire based on experience, personality, credit score and education, not genital or race. Diversity quotas end up hurting companies in the long run.
What is the most sociopathic act you've ever seen a kid commit?|I saw a kid eat pineapple on their pizza once, fucking animal.
Is it normal to laugh when you look inside the casket? Why or why not?|During my grandfathers funeral I walked up to the casket during the viewing process and I kinda half laughed half bursted into tears. It played with my emotions as I didn't cry before hand. One of those moments where shit hits the fan so hard you can't help but have a grin for no reason but emotional instability.
What garden equipment is best used as a sex toy?|A hoe.
If you could create a new sport for the Winter Olympics that you would take home gold in, what would it be?|Shitposting on Ice.
Redditors - for those of us starting a new (office) job, what advice would you give us for the first day/week/month?|Print out the job description which will have a list of your role and responsibilities, and keep it handy - make sure you have that in case your boss ever tries to change the scope of your job or claim that you should have known to do something.
If killing one person is 'legal', then to whom you will kill? and why?|"So many choices. Can I take xoites ""ticket to kill""?"
What’s a good movie one could watch in the next 20 minutes?|Most movies are longer than 20 minutes. Maybe watch a tv show?
"So if you knew this Girl and you asked for her number and then you sent a message like ""See you tommorow ;)"" and she did not replay and the next day she seemd friendly and stuff, well what would you think?"|I'm guessing you are in high school, or younger.
Why did the British and certain commonwealth countries decide to drive on the left side of the road?|Pretty sure it goes back to when people rode horses and as most people were right handed they preferred to be on the left so they could attack with their right hand.
If you could go back in time and take one picture, of what would it be?|I got to meet Olympic gold medalist/ pro wrestler Kurt Angle when I was a kid. I was to Starstruck to remember to ask for a picture
People who have deleted posts or comments, why?|Unfair hivemind downvotes
"When you think of the word ""flooshimooshi"", what do you envision?"|Some high-tec Japanese toilet
What frustrating things often happen when you go to the airport?|Terrorist attacks
What is the weirdest stereotype you've heard about your ethnicity?|Mayonnaise for days
What isn't illegal but should be?|"Not having a basic comprehension of physics and how it applies to the world around you. 
Eg. People that can't drive worth a damn because they don't understand if there's snow, you need to slow down earlier."
How many times did you fail before succeeding ?|Still at it
What's is your favorite subreddit?|r/deepfakes **NSFW**
Medics of Reddit, what are some tips that can help us save a life in an emergency situation?|Memorize the phone number for local emergency services.
If you could have an endless supply of one fruit and one vegetable what would you choose?|Lemons and lettuce.
What are some useful qualifications that only take one year to achieve?|You could get a first aid certificate in like a few days
What are the best comments on AskReddit?|This one
What’s a line from a movie that always makes you cringe?|Pretty much all dubbed lines.
InYouHumbleOpinion - what was the most over-rated/puzzling post that had made it to the front page?|"That ""what's in the safe"" post. Couldn't wrap my head around why so many people cared. I get that it could be kinda interesting, but the momentum it got surprised me."
What are the most beautiful adjectives that the world should know about?|**Phallic**
you have 500000 dollars and just 1 day to spend this money. what will you do?|Clear all debt. Then invest rest in property
What menu items differ through franchises around the world ?|So, even inside the US, there are some definite regional variations. For instance, in New Mexico, the green chile double cheesburger is on the McDonald's dollar menu.  They even advertise it with billboards.  Imagine my dismay when I go to Denver - not that far, really - and they've never even heard of it. Similarly, it's available as a topping at Domino's, Pizza Hut, Subway, Burger King, Carl's Jr/Hardee's, Sonic, and whatever other chains I'm forgetting (except Chipotle, those guys suck).
What are the best time travel books/movies you know about?|Looper, directed by Rian Johnson. Too bad his most recent attempts at filmmaking were far less impressive...
Instead of a hot wheels toy car. What else could have been placed on the dash of the Tesla SpaceX rocket?|A rubber ding dong or whatever.
What movie have you re watched the most ?|Astro Boy
What movie should everyone see at least once?|Star wars
People who watch the Winter Olympics, which event is worth watching?|Curling
What parody do you like better than its source material?|Spaceballs
Who enjoys Reddit while on the can?|Who *doesn’t*?
What is a kink/fetish you have that you recommend people should try and why?|Race play (but it's not for everyone). Edit: Ask this on the subreddit r/AskRedditAfterDark; you might get more answers there, as that place is automatically NSFW and explicitly concerned with such things.
What's is completely normal but you find gross?|Crabs
Twins of reddit, have you ever switched places with your twin? If so, why and how did you guys pull it off?|I'm a twin but we look nothing alike. So there's that.
Deaf people of Reddit, have you ever had a cross cultural relationship where you had a learn another country's sign language?|is that how it works?
Those of you whose friends don't call or text to hang out anymore, what's the reason why?|crap, i'm that guy
What’s cute but deadly?|My ex.
Ex-smokers of Reddit, what is the best thing about quitting?|Spare money
When you were a kid, what was the monster that lived under your bed?|"A human male. I was terrified he would rape/kill me. I would whisper to him ""please don't hurt me, but if you have to kill me please just wait until I fall asleep.""  Yeah, I was a fucked up kid. I blame television and trauma."
What was the worst display of passive-aggressiveness you ever witnessed ?|Earlier this week when I burried someones tires in snow... very much also r/pettyrevenge (there is a whole story there)
Bus drivers of reddit, what's the craziest shit you've seen on your bus?|I’m not a driver or in the industry but recently here in DC, a bus driver had a cup filled with urine thrown on him.
Where were you born and where are you now? Why did you move?|Born in Watford. Currently live in Watford. I didn't move.
Pet owners of Reddit, how likely is your pet to survive if let free in your surrounding area? Why?|My cat has been a strictly indoor cat for the past 5 years. There is also a hawk which lives near my house. I feel like my cat would not survive very long outside.
You're now made aware you are breathing. What are some other sentences that make you instantly regret reading it?|You are now blinking manually
What movie or TV series have you rewatched the most?|The Office
How does one travel the world without being rich?|Walk and Swim
How many games in your steam library?|86
What is something you have a mental picture of but wish you had an actual picture of?|Hillary Clinton's reaction to finding out she lost
How do you convince females to pay for the bill on a date and not resent you for it?|"""Oh shot I left my wallet at home. Can you be a sweety and pick it up? Next ones on me""!"
If world leaders had to participate in a Winter Olympic sport, who would do what?|Trump, losing.
What uncommon piece of knowledge could potentially save someones life?|Being nice
What's the dumbest horror movie you've ever seen?|The dumbest? Sinister 2. I loved the first one, but the second one was stupid as all hell!
What's your Lotto numbers?|Nice try not giving those up
Why has Rage Against The Machine´s success at crossing in to ´mainstream´ music in 90s not been replicated today by bands with a political agenda?|People today are pussies
What do you think is overrated?|STAR WARS. ITS GOOD, NOT A MULTI MULTI GENERATION 100 BILLION DOLLAR FRANCHISE GOOD.
How do you get your mind off of things during a really rough time? Does this help in the long run or is it just temporary?|You mentioned it. I take a long run, which helps me clear my head and calm down.
What is something you have seen a pet feel intimidated by?|Bottom of the bucket
If you had to eat one person you know today, who would it be and why?|Do I get to cook it first?
Reddit, what’s the best fiction book to read?|Labyrinths by Jorge Luis Borges
To anyone who's ever broken a bone how did it happen?|"My skull fracture:  Pissed, fell over.  
My nose and cheekbone:  Fell off my bicycle.  
My right arm:  Fell during a game of jumprope.  
My leg:  Fell out of a tree.  
Numerous fingers:  I played Camogie - 'nuff said.  
My coccyx:  Pissed, fell over.  
My baby toe:  Irish danced too close to a bench.  
Fractured vertebra:  Tried to hang myself.   Sorry about the dark one at the end but I'm doing fine now!"
What is the biggest misconception?|Jesus Christ
Which city has the best songs named after it?|Funky Town
When life seems to be working against you, how do you push back?|Stay positive; plan daily and weekly rewards/treats; plan mini getaways to help rejuvenate.
"When have you had to go ""Mama bear"" or ""Papa bear"" for your children?"|When somebody toucha their spaghet
Why do Norwegian skiers with asthma run so well on skis?|You don't run on skis
What are your long-term habits that make you proud?|Deep self-loathing
What's the worst injury you ever suffered as a child?|My parents took the grill part (metal bars) off our BBQ and set it on the ground, I walked over it as a baby and kinda danced around on it freaking out from the pain, so the soles of my feet got pretty burned up.  This was in a little beach town in the middle of nowhere so I think they had to drive me to a hospital many miles away. I wonder if that event made my feet tough, because I never wore shoes as a kid, running on concrete and walking through vacant lots. Even as an adult I stepped on a thumb tack and it bent in a spiral shape like a corkscrew.
What is the achievement you are most proud of in a videogame?|**Infinite Power on Rocket League** Stupid thing wouldn’t unlock!
What is the worst possible outcome for your current situation?|Could lose a little over $200,000 USD on the market today.  Nothing quite  like the feeling of a Friday strike day.
Did you feel different when you turned 18/21 or you just became one year older, and thats it?|A bit different, because there is a fuckton of documents I have to get for turning 18. Besides that, just a year older...
What’s stopping you from becoming successful?|Jews
What is your age & how much money do you have to your name?|26, see username
People who were sprayed by a skank, how did you get rid of the stench?|Skunk or skank?
What is/was an interesting side effect of doing your job for a long period of time?|I end up on Reddit.
Police of Reddit: What are your thoughts on open-carry laws vs. concealed carry permits?|Why do you need to carry a gun in the open? Jesus it scares the kids man just keep it in your pants.
What character from a show,movie,anime would you want to be president of the US and why?|Micheal Scott or Leslie Knope, I don’t really need to give an explanation
How can water itself be wet?|It can't
People who take one agressive step onto a road before realising that a second step would get you hit by a car, what has been your key to staying alive all these years?|I have been almost hit by cars so many times I'm not even sure
What's your favorite song from 2000's?|Outkast-B.O.B.
Which German state has the largest surface area?|Google.
Redditors with mediocre children, what questions do you have for those parents raising amazing kiddos?|Is it okay to force kids to study math homework till perfection?
what is your favourite cartoon charecter?|mine kakashi sensei
What is your proudest moment?|This one *farts*
What does your pet do on a daily basis that slightly pisses you off?|Pukes fucking everywhere.
What is something that, if happened to you right now, would make you extremely happy?|Winning the lottery; elimination of all financial debt
What makes you feel left out / lonely?|Standing in a group, start saying something just to get interrupted by someone else. Start a conversation with own theme, get ignored, someone quickly throws in another theme and everyone starts talking about that.
You must spend eternity trapped inside a video game of your choice. What is it?|Fantasy life
What’s your most embarrassing school moment?|Puked in class, all over the kids bag in front of me
Reddit, do you have your bed against the wall? If not, why not?|Yeah, cause I'm basic
What's a critically acclaimed movie you felt didn't live up to the hype?|Avatar. The blue Na'avi. I think it was boring. It was visually stunning but I didn't quite like the story tbh
What is the most badass way to die?|Taking a ride on the next Falcon launch, then streaming yourself die in outer space for thousands of people to watch would be badass. Don’t Panic.
Firefighters of Askreddit, what is the most intense call you've ever been on?|Not a firefighter, but one time I accidentally ate tuna.
What common word or phrase means something different then it did 10, 20+ years ago?|Gay.
Dogs of Reddit, Why Are You So Damn Loud When You Lick Your Balls?|#SLURP SLURP SLURP ^^...huh?
What weird food combinations sound gross, but taste amazing?|Pizza and pineapple
Who is your daddy and what does he do?|my dad’s name is Rick and he has his own music school, it’s pretty cool
"Roommates of Reddit who leave their dishes to ""soak"" for days- Why?"|"Like Grampa always said ""Why do something today when you can put it off long enough for someone else decides to do it"""
Post grads of reddit, what are your post grad problems?|A post grad engineering degree is utterly meaningless.
What would be bad to wear to a funeral?|Nothing
[NSFW] Women of reddit, what is your weirdest public bathroom experience/incident?|I'm sitting doing my business, the lady in the next stall finishes up and I hear her washing her hands. She walks towards the door, opens it and as she steps out she flicks the lights out. So I'm sat on the toilet in the pitch black...
Reddit, have you as a child come across stashes of woodsporn and why do you think this is a thing? What are your theories?|Child woods porn Pretty sure you're on a list now
What did you learn in school (not college or university) that helped you later in life?|How to make gravity bongs
People who started late in the dating scene, how was your first relationship, and how is your love life now?|Still working on something that goes beyond date one
If i buy stock at a super low price and then the company gets bought by another company; what happens to my stock?|"It is still yours. You own part of the company. That's what stock means. The new ""owners"" probably control the company (own more than 50% of stock), but they don't 100% own it, unless they buy your stock as well."
What would your Medium Place be like?|A combo-less Big Mac
Is it possible to drink too much water? If so what effect would it have on the body?|It's called Hydrosis. It can make your stomach sick and if way over done can lead to death. Oh, and peeing a lot.
Trump starts a new-age Holocaust. Are you safe from extermination? Why or why not?|Nope, not at all. Black and queer, I'm dead.
"What is the most mortifying time you remember as a kid (or any time), when your parent(s) demanded to ""speak with the manager""?"|"Mine was when I was about 10 or so.  We went out for dinner at a diner and got pizza.  Well my mom's pizza was apparently sub-par and she destroyed the waitress - saying ""was this reheated in the fucking microwave?"", while grabbing a slice and basically showing her and tossing it back on the pan.  ""Bring me a new one or bring me your manager.""   Meanwhile, I'm the size of a pencil eraser, eating my chicken strips, looking around at pretty much the entire restaurant watching this exchange, thinking the cooks were definitely going to sabotage her returning pizza..."
What was a good song that you began appreciating only after it was no longer popular?|Lean on by Mø
Were you on a children’s show growing up and people wonder where they recognize you from? Do they believe you when you tell them?|no, no and subsequently, no
Take a random movie and replace the main cast with Harry Potter and his friends. What happens now?|Scooby Doo gets a whole lot more magical in their crime solving.
People of Chicago...why do you live there?|We left Chicago a while back.  Saw the writing on the wall.  Going bankrupt
What is the weirdest thing that you have said to yourself but didn't realize someone was listening?|I've had that two-way chat where you're telling yourself something to do from an outside perspective that isn't like you. I had to immediately double back and just say I was just on a Bluetooth phone.
What do you do in Vegas when you’re by yourself and have $60 in spending money?|Black, Black, Red, Black, Red Now you have nearly $2000
What is the common opinion of South Koreans towards North Korea?|Pity
Reddit, what's the worst experience you've ever had at a restaurant?|When my ex put her hand up and clicked her fingers for the waiters. Seriously? GTFO of my life.
Dog owners of reddit. How long do you think your dog would last in the wild if all humans suddenly vanished?|very, very poorly.
whats your favourite sports car?|The new Alpine !
If you never learned any Alegbra due to easily cheating throughout homeschooling, how will you do on SAT and ACT tests?|Your basically fucked
College student athletes of reddit, how do you do it?|I studey communikaytions.
What's the most pain you have ever been in?|Kidney stone. If i have another Ill probably just light myself on fire and roll around in salt instead
what was the scariest thing you ever saw in a cave?|Nothing. The eeriest thing is when you go in far enough and turn out your lights, you literally see nothing. The utter blackness and the deafening silence is very surreal and unnerving after a while.
What should a highschool senior do in the last semester of senior year?|get work done and graduate
What if your school had fantasy creatures such as trolls, werewolves, giants, and vampires?|I hope the Vampires are sexy
Harley riders of Reddit - do you realize you're annoying 90% of people nearby? Why do you need to make loud noises to be happy?|"""But loud pipes save lives!"" -said as he rides off without a helmet or any kind of protective gear."
Rape babies of Reddit how's your relationship with your mom?|She died in childbirth actually. The shock was rough on her 13 year old body.
What's something from your childhood that you truly miss?|Falling asleep in the car/on the couch and waking up in my bed
What’s the next thing we should launch into space?|Car Wash Station
What do you do to stay focused?|Drink coffee
What's an adult problem that nobody prepared you for?|Not getting a trophy for participating.
On dying, you are invited to bring one item from your life for 'show and tell' at the pearly gates, to help them decide your fate. What do you bring?|My work shoes. Worn bottoms, various gross body-fluid stains, tiny footprints on top where my kids stand on them to hug me when I get home.
What is your hobby, and how'd you get started?|Singing!  I just started singing and then my parents got me lessons. So now I take lessons for fun and sing. But you can sing without lessons. It's free.
How does one get into voice over book work? Is it free lancing? What are the steps? Anybody know or have any ideas or tips?|There is a site I use from time to time called Librivox. It is basically a library of audio books that have run out of copyright. Any volunteer can create an audio book for the site, so long as the book is open source. Having listened to a number of books from the site I can assure you that any person can contribute. Some of the readers make you want to cut your ears off.  Anyway, I'm assuming you are asking because you would like paid work doing this sort of thing but maybe if you create a few audio books for the site you will be able to put them in your resume when applying for relevant jobs.
People who have cheated on your SOs, why did you do it?|Right hand got numb, so I had to change it.
What's the craziest thing that happened to you at a school trip?|My class left me behind in the National Air And Space Museum. We took a bathroom break and I came out and they were gone. They blamed me for it even though the teacher couldn't keep track of her students
What was your imaginary friend?|Muhammad
What's a scary sentence in just a few words?|College book fees
What is your favourite videogame boss battle?|Phalanx from Shadow of the Colossus
How would you describe the entire history of you using an haiku as your way of expressing ?|Well I was born first And then I became a chick And now I'm happy.
NEET of Reddit, what is your story?|Wtf is neet
What's your worst experience with Uber?|A driver siphoned my number off the app somehow and then texted me and at one point dropped someone off near my apartment and said “just drove by and was thinking about you” Nope
Music listeners of Reddit, what lengthy songs do you listen to regularly?|Telegraph Road - Dire Straits
What 1st world problem are you having today?|I ate too much for lunch and I'm having a nice dinner this evening and I'm worried I won't be hungry enough to enjoy it properly.
What’s the craziest thing that you’ve ever done to keep someone from leaving, or to bring somebody back?|Ok you draw em into the thread with the question and ill stand at the back with a net.
Reddit, what makes you happy?|My wife and kids. They are the icing on my life cake.
One theory suggests that birth marks are scars from how your former self died. If this were true, what's your former-life death story?|Nothing external. Probably tide pod related.
"Redditors, what is the ""please don't do this"" in your country for tourists?"|Don’t stop suddenly,especially in places like London to take pictures. It’s so annoying and since us Brits are too polite to tell you to move out the way,it can cause people to be late for their jobs.
Ever had sex with someone famous? Either adult films/mainstream/musician/tv etc. What was it like and how did it happen?|As detailed as possible please. Working on a school project.
What movies are looking more and more like documentaries as time goes by?|I'm just gonna say Idiocracy to get it out of the way.
What is slowly becoming more and more common?|A complete absence of shame
To the people in a relationship, how did you find out he/she liked you to?|Liked me to what?
Reddit, if you could go 20 years in the future to tell yourself something, what would it be?|What would I tell myself 20 years into the future that he wouldn't already know?
What is the weirdest homework you've been given?|*Write an essay, briefly outlining, how you would seize the means of production*
How did meditation benefit you?|Lucid dreaming. Helps you be more aware, less in your head and more in the moment. Helps you find calmness when you are angry.
Which dead musician do you miss the most?|Ian Curtis
People who have had recurring nightmares over the period of multiple months/years, what was it?|Whenever I have fever I have same nightmares that make no sense, but every time I go fucking crazy and start sleep walking and screaming.
Why is the news never about anything important and always focuses on small irrelevant things that Trump has done or is going to do?|They give us what we want because that sells advertising. It's about money and not about news.
When was the last time you cried and why?|Last March: Mom died.
What is slowly becoming more and more common?|Shitposts,
How do you feel weed affects your mental function when not high?|"I don't know about others, but the times I've smoked I definitely get a ""weed hangover"".  The next day I'm groggy, mentally slow, spacey... it'll sometimes take all day to get out of this weird funk. I absolutely hate it and it's why I don't do it very often."
Former drug addicts of Reddit, what is the one major incident that made you quit?|My dealer got shot as I was pulling out of his driveway.
In our modern age of technology, what are some “old-fashioned” things you still do?|I still use music CD's despite being able to download it. And no I'm not old.
What makes you rationally angry?|other people
Reddit, what do you find odd about life?|No matter how hard you work, or how hard you try, you are not guaranteed to get recognized or a payout.  Sometimes just knowing the right people is all you need, no effort required.
Salespeople of Reddit- What do you sell, do you make a commission and how much commission are you given?|I sale beer, I do get commission and I get about $5 a case that sell.
What did you envy most growing up and did you ever achieve it or did you somehow realize it wasn't what it seemed?|not having enough food for friends to come over and being embarrassed about it as a kid. now that ive got a big boy job and am going back to school debt free, i can't stop inviting people over and letting them know that i have 10 different types of pops and snacks for them.
Which agency of the federal government is going to pay for the damage done to the route of Trump's military parade?|The DC city council had already pretty much told the president they will not grant a permit for the parade. This should become interesting.
Retail workers, past and present, what is the greatest moment of your time in the occupation?|Quitting
Did anyone have a food they strongly disliked when they were younger and now can’t get enough of it?|Mustard Greens
What's something you really, truly believe?|I truly believe that cats are God’s gift to the world.
What's the best random act of kindness you ever did?|"Not my best , but this morning a lady was driving on icy roads towards me. I was approaching a roundabout and she was approaching from the other side. I was impressed with her speed given how slippy it felt to me and given she had a sharpish turn to make. I was thinking this chick has some stones on her and has her shit together. 
She didnt have her shit together and as I stopped on the roundabout to observe she flew over it, mounted the curb opposite and swerved back into the bollards on the otherside before coming to a halt. 
I drove beside her car and pulled down the window and she was... balling crying. Poor lady got the fright of her life. Well id just left one screaming child at home and couldnt be dealing with another one so I said 'Relax love your grand, good luck' and I left.  Like I said Ive better ones that are kinder."
What did you learn recently that everyone else probably knew for a while?|I figured out this week that Eminem is the phonetic spelling of M and M, which is the initials of Marshal Mathers.
"Former and current college students of Reddit, what are some ""life hacks"" that have helped you experience success in your studies?"|I'll go ahead and start. I own a MacBook, and something that has helped immensely is the split view feature. I use it whenever I need to reference a document in an essay/short assignment. It saves a ton of time switching between tabs/windows since everything is on the same screen. I also find myself using it beyond coursework and use it for any planning/personal stuff I need to get done. I even showed my boss at work this morning how to use it to work on our schedule for spring break.
what is your bad habit you could never leave?|Chocolate
Reddit, what is your biggest regret in life?|Taking so long to join reddit
What did your sibling tell on you for, that got you in the most trouble?|Mum used to beat us with wooden spoons. I was the the youngest of three. I hid all the spoons, paint stirrers, bamboo canes... Anything she could hit us with. My two older sisters told on me, so I got hit 5 times with each item.
People on Reddit, What are your plans for the weekend?|My wedding in Vegas
What unfair thing happened to you ages ago that you are, to this day, still pissed about?|Colleagues at internship told me for one week I was doing a great job. When the week was over, they told the boss I was incompetent and even hindered them. I still get so angry about that...
If your life had a theme song, what would it be?|Bomba by Kontrust, from which my username derives.
How do you all feel about Starman driving a Tesla in Space?|I expect a very good explanation why they didn't make him an animatronic.
What brand names and products do you associate with trashy people?|The unholy trifecta: Tap-Out shirts, energy drinks, and anything that has to do with the Kardashians.
Other than Reddit, what sites do you visit most frequently and why?|Lioden. It’s a pet sim game where you have a lion pride. I care too much about those dumb lions.
What piece of technology changed your life?|Internet. Changed EVERYTHING.
What’s the best laundry detergent that protects against outside smells?|It's only smellz.
"What is your best ""I told you so"" moment?"|An acquaintance from the US really wanted to go to Oktoberfest in Munich. Me and my friends told him that it's not that great. He went anyways. Lost his phone, didn't manage to find a seat and got arrested for smoking a joint.
The last time you had sex is going to made into a romance novel. What is the title?|Slow and not steady.
Redditors who believe in psychics communicating with the dead, why don't the dead tell us anything interesting?|You will have a visitor tonight that explains it all.
What superhero would SUCK to date?|From a female arachnophobic's point of view, Spiderman would be a nightmare.
Can you (rather, should you) put the S8 charger on fast charging with cable and fast charging with induction (wireless), together? What will be the impact on battery life? Are the two charging connectors in series or parallel?|No, it would be akin to crossing the beams in Ghostbusters
Who are some artists that should’ve collaborated, but it’s a shame they didn’t or haven’t?|Ian Curtis and Lou Reed
What video game(s) have your not-gamers parents stuck to for a significant amount of time?|Wii Sports/Wii Sports Resort.  Simple enough for them to understand how to play.
What are your best & WORST taxi/uber stories?|Locked keys to apartment in my car, had spare at my parents 30 minutes away, pretty smooth ride. Dude had just moved from Syria, and was on his Uber grind. I hope he’s enjoying his life these days.
Bus/ Uber/ Lyft/ etc drivers, what's the craziest thing you've seen a passenger do?|Guy tried to open the door while on the 405 at 3:30am because his gf/wife kept accusing him of doing something with a girl from the place they had just been picked up at.
What has a tendency of not working properly when you need it the most?|My penis :(
If we could work with animals like we can with people, which animal would prove to be most valuable?|Chimps.
What seemingly subtle thing pleases you greatly?|Kids playing with mud and dust.
People who used to be timid, how did you get over it?|Fake it till you make it.
Reddit, what are some of your guilty pleasures?|The Steve Wilkos Show
What normally seasonal activity do you do all year round?|Put ice in my drinks.
Where should the Permanent Home For The Olympics be?|Athens
What is your favorite era of the internet and why?|Pre-2000's, before the Something Awful Forums paywall went up.
If you could ask anyone a question, who would it be and what would you say?|I'd ask nyellis1190 why they asked this question.
How do you visualize 1 meter (or 1 yard if you are american, I don't know) in your head?|It’s ~3 feet. My foot is approximately a foot so I use the two and imagine the extra.
What’s your “school of hard knocks” story?|A couple years ago, I once took all the cash I had, $10k, and started trading stock options with it. Almost immediately, I lost half of it. I was slowly able to crawl back what I lost, but ever since, I’ve just stuck my money into index funds and ignored it. No more stressful nights wondering how the market will do the next morning for me.
Bulls of Reddit, how do you feel about being on parade?|Feels like rallying round the family.
Which is the better choice between H&R or TurboTax to get the better refund while filing, Single/no dependents/ and purchased my first home last year?|I think youre going to get the same refund no matter what. The software that you use shouldn't affect that.. but I could be wrong. I use TurboTax. I refuse to pay for something that will only take me an hour or two.
Whats your most bizarre hookup experience ?|This guy tried to make out with me wearing only a sock ala Red Hot Chili Peppers circa the 80’s.
What did you do before it was cool?|shitpsot
What is your best interview advice?|Don't get undressed and say you'd do anything for this job
For what reason you broke up your friendship with the person who used to be one of your best friend?|His wife was jealous of our friendship, and connived a wedge between us.
What are the things that we have and we should be happy about it?|Technology, housing, food, shelter etc. I can't even imagine living in a medieval time, where a small infection could very easily mean death.
In honor of my 25th birthday, what's your best or strangest birthday memory?|"It was one of those money birthday cards with some pun about money being in the card, and in the little tab was a cut piece of paper that says ""I'm poor, you get nothing""."
How does your country's news view the United States?|Just like other European countries. Unfortunately only bad news about how x is bad, how y is super bad. Makes people have a different view of the us.
How do you get someone to stop talking to you?|Hit them with a shovel
Who is at fault in a multi-car pileup?|"Follow the ""you smelt it you dealt it"" rule"
Which celebrity who is generally not considered attractive do you find hot?|Caitlyn Jenner **JK**
What's something you wish more people understood?|How a blinker works
Children of the 80’s, what were your favorite movies to watch at a sleepover?|So many... Goonies, Swiss Family Robinson, Space Camp, The Wizard, Cloak and Dagger, Commando, Explorers, many more I’m sure.
People who live around Houston, how are you guys doing?|Pretty good. It's kinda cold, could be better could be worse.
What is a meme that should stay dead, and what is a meme that should come back?|I think all memes should die and all memes should come back
What do you think about Germany allowing a number of Chinese people to become citizens?|I'm German and I don't see why this should be a problem.
You are a burglar, instead of stealing how do you mildly inconvenience the home you broke into?|Redecorate
What is something you did before it became popular?|Bitcoin 😒😒😒
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in an attempt to be sexy?|Well, in high school, I tried putting bronzer to make my abs look more defined. Halfway through bronzing my stomach my father came into my room. Let's just say I never had a proper man-to-man conversation with him for the next two months.
Redditors, what is your biggest phobia and how does it impact your life?|Small spaces.  In bed I sometimes think that; what if hell is waking up in your coffin and be in that small space for eternity,  just lying there trying to claw out of it.  Bending one knee and getting stuck in the most unpleasent way,  panicking,  screaming.  Holy fuck that shit makes me scared AF.
Why do you tend to cancel your plans in the last minute?|Crippling social anxiety. Even the call or text to cancel is a struggle on its own.
What profession consists of people who all pretty much act the same?|mimes
What is the thrill of doing graffiti?|if it's on a train, the thought that your art will be seen cross country is pretty fun.
NASA employees of reddit, what do you feel about SpaceX?|It's ok.
[serious] What should you do while you are young, that you can’t or struggle to do when you are older?|Learn a new language.
Which profession can you not believe still exists in 2018?|Payphone coin collector
Redditors who've impregnated/were impregnated by a one night stand, how did that turn out?|Horribly.  I was in that abortion clinic before my body even knew it was pregnant.  The guy was just such an asshole about it. At least he didn't try to pretend the condom broke or anything. He just straight up told me he wasn't wearing one, because he's an ass.  I still have half a mind to tell his mother the whole situation.
What are some lesser-known but very bizarre/badass legends from your culture?|Stagger Lee
Assholes of Reddit. Your lives are 50% more difficult due to the asinine way you treat people. What do you get out of it?|That maybe, just maybe, someone else will now have as shitty a day as I'm having.
Reddit, what are some of the most unique ways to make the world a better place?|Whenever you write out a contraversial response that you expect to receive some backlash on, wait 15 minutes. Open a new tab, go look at some other shit, and then come back to your comment. Can you reword your comment any better than you did the first time? Will it change people's minds in the way you want to change their minds. This is helped me anger less people **and** become less angry over the last 6 months. It works really well.
If everyday tasks became Olympic events, which event would you win a gold medal in?|Doing the dishes. I'm an expert at this point.
Who is your favorite artist that is generally seen as underrated?|Dr.Dre
How do you feel about so many phones being created without a headphone jack?|I don't think about those jack offs.
Today is national Pizza day in the U.K. - what is your favourite pizza combo of all time?|Ham, capsicum, pineapple, cheese, olives, onions.
Air traffic controllers of Reddit, what’s the funniest screw up you’ve seen happen at work?|9/11
In order to survive, you have to sustain a constant reddit gold membership (by being gilded, no through purchasing). How do you do it?|by slinging porn gifs with sources
You have 7 days to eat 40 lbs of whatever is the last thing that you ate. How well do you do?|40 lbs of Wotsits... I mean... That's a *lot* of Wotsits...
What is your go to, I don’t wanna work, during work activity?|Reddit.
What's something you wish you could say to someone in your life, but the lack the courage to?|I've changed and I don't think our marriage will last.
What would be your dream crossover movie?|John Wick and the Matrix.
What do animes show about Japan that isn't true?|Big ass tiddies.
"What is your ""tip of the day""?"|Don't fill a bowl of soup to the brim.
The Black Panther soundtrack is out and it's dope- what's your favorite movie soundtrack?|Scream 3 soundtrack is basically the best 90'S nu-metal playlist ever made, still holds a place in my heart.
"What is the best response to ""Say something funny?"""|Something funny
When is it okay to be a dick?|When you're surrounded by pussy, ayyyyy.
What’s a good , old tv show to go back and watch?|The original twilight zone.
When you commute and secretly peek at your neighbor phone - what do you usually see them doing?|facebook
What’s something you saw someone do in public that automatically tipped you off that they’re a Redditor?|Not gonna lie, every time I see someone wearing a fedora I get suspicious
What is something that you hate about yourself, but not enough to do something about it?|I’m lazy
If you could choose one movie to take back in time with you to show to people 50 years ago (give or take), what movie would it be and why?|"Back to the future 
or
World Trade Center"
What do people think about this anti-refugees video?|Proof that this mass immigration has gone too far.
What is the best way to make some extra cash?|Meet me at Rite Aid. I’ll be in the big RAM with tinted windows
How often do you remove the hair around your genitals?|N e v e r
Which beverage would most hit the spot right now?|Anything with alcohol in tbh, I'm not picky
What was the worst thing you did in your youth?|Kicked a toddler because she wouldn't stop crying. I feel sick even posting about it now.
What's something bad you did that you can never make up for?|"I wanted to break up with my GF but I knew that if I asked her to come back afterwards she'd say yes.
I also knew that future, single me would definitely try to get back with her, succeed, and  regret the moment after.
So instead of breaking up with her, I made her break up with me. I ghosted her for a week before she sent me a text saying it was over.
Don't do that :/"
Whats the most embarrassing climb down you've had to make in an argument, where you were so certain you were right but you were actually wrong?|"Once I convinced my entire class about a question that was going to be in a test next day. It turns out a week later that i totally misinterpret the question and half of the class got a grade worse for their papers.  
interesting conversations ensued in the next 5 minutes"
What book character did you overidentify with as a kid?|James and the Giant Peach. But only cuz my name is also James.
If your country had a catch phrase, what would it be?|America, fuck yea!
What are those computer looking things where they look at old documents in movies?|Microfiche.* https://www.google.com/search?q=microfiche&client=safari&channel=iphone_bm&prmd=inv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwixx77ViJnZAhVp7oMKHSWmD9EQ_AUIESgB&biw=414&bih=622#imgrc=aLf6-Rk11XNfCM: *Child Of The 70’s here. Yes. It sucked as bad as you think it sucked.
If you could bring any technology from today to impress people from 100 years ago, what would you bring and what would you do with it?|The internet and it would be for porn
Those who have quit social media, how's your mindset improving?|Boi this is social media
What has the high point of your life been so far?|.....Sigh. I can't tell
Redditors who drive convertibles with the top down and windows up, what's your story?|It doesn't tangle hair as much.
What's the soundtrack to your life?|"There's a couple dozen others, but these would definitely form the backbone for me. In no particular order: - Goddess of the Sad Man, by Amorphis - https://youtu.be/EYn29LreOkQ
- Blackest Eyes, by Porcupine Tree - https://youtu.be/SWsYG_pE76o
- Legion, by VNV Nation - https://youtu.be/jGALJwdBOX4
- 3 Libras, by A Perfect Circle - https://youtu.be/EoqXDPbivFs
- Aqueous Transmission, by Incubus - https://youtu.be/3k0-sGqxIiQ
- The Girl with the Sun in her Head, by Orbital - https://youtu.be/l7mfmouVURY
- Third Eye, by Tool - https://youtu.be/7zV78IgXzB0
- Her Ghost in the Fog, by Cradle of Filth - https://youtu.be/QY8_nKejW-c
- Everything you Need, by Slightly Stoopid - https://youtu.be/dJ7lMAdmoac
- Nothing, by Stabbing Westward - https://youtu.be/7CWxZX9M6Mc
- Love you to Death, by Type O Negative - https://youtu.be/8S8Iz0mGs_U"
Hey reddit, what name brand products are actually superior to the off brand ones?|Seriously, Tide. Just makes your clothes smell fucking really good.
What song have you heard the most but never intentionally sought out yourself?|Despacito, I think y'all know what I'm talking about
Which is the most powerful, effective brainwashing tool: Television, Facebook or Reddit?|Religion
You get one re-do at anything you have done or will do. What do you use it for?|High School. I'm putting more effort into my grades and building relationships with people.
Do you feel like a computer pro when using keyboard shortcuts?|no i've been using them since I was 9
What skin routine (OTC or prescription) have you found to get rid of stubborn acne during college? Especially for women: what combination of cleansers, acne products and toners have you found to work?|proactiv always worked for me
People who went to trade school instead of college, how did that work out for you?|I feel like it would've turned out better if Yu Gi Oh cards hadn't dropped so much in popularity.
What's the best feeling and what's the worst?|Pain and exercise fit both
What do you have a Pavlovian response to?|The sound of diesel relays clicking.
What is something that you irrationally hate?|Okay this is super specific but I hate in official recordings of live albums (ones that will be sold like any other album) when members of the audience clap throughout random parts of the song, rather than waiting until the end. So I'll be enjoying my favourite singer hit a really, long, high note, and then a thunder of clapping and cheering drowns it out. It's awful
[NSFW] Redditors who are managers, have you ever received an sexual offer for promotion/other benefit?|The new crew leader offered me sex last week.
How often do you fantasize about having sex with a coworker?|20 year old male here, I've worked in IT at geek squad for a few months now. There's one particular girl who works the floor, whose pretty damn hot.  So, basically every time i see her. But then i remember how awkward that would be. And i continue screwing with a computer with no issue to look busy.
What's your current phone background?|A (very) close up of my cat's face
What's a good way for an inexperienced starting small business owner to gauge how they should price their services or goods?|Compare to your competitors is a good start.
What should be common sense that some people just never seem to get?|I don't care how smart you are, the laws of physics supersede the laws of the road. Always be observant on the road.
If there was a annual holiday held in your honor what would the traditional celebration activities be?|Getting boozed up, and then waking up to discover your regrettable sex choices.
Did the recent tax changes change your pay? How much?|I paid almost nothing federally.
What is your alcohol roulette story?|They always end in puking, sometimes sex
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?|Australian sense of humour. You come here, we hurl shit at you and you'll think it's abuse and we are bullying you, we aren't. We are trying to be friends with you and want you to say something even more offensive to us.
what would happen if germany invades poland ?|The Winged Hussars Arrive?
What should never be put on nachos?|Call me stodgy and old-fashioned, but enriched uranium.
What is a really cute thing you used to do as child that your parents or friends remember?|"I can't remember if this is me or a cousin, but one of us would cover our eyes and say ""Now you can't see me!"""
People that drive well below the speed limit on the highway/motorway/freeway, why do you do it?|To piss you off
What's the most retro thing about you?|My work ethic.
If every day was like yesterday, what's your daily routine?|Wake up. School. Netflix. Sleep. Repeat
Convicted felons, what do you do for work?|You *don't* wanna know...
What's the one thing that you wish you had done when you were younger and can no longer do?|Go surfing. My sense of balance is no longer good enough to do it.
What is the correct sub reddit to discuss and debate social political issues?|None of them. Reddit + politics = cancer.
What was something simple you used to enjoy when you were younger that you can’t do now?|Coloring. I can do it now but I won't enjoy it as much as i did.
What do governments do to protect intellectual property, such as pirated video games? Is it even possible to take illegal torrenting sites down?|If a government can find it outside the darkweb, and they don't like it, they're more than capable of removing it, but can't stop it popping up again elsewhere.
People of reddit who have made catastrophic mistakes, what mistake did you make, and what was the result?|Two condom broken incidents with two different sex workers. Catastrophic because if I can have two condom broken incidents with two different prostitute within 15 days, I might have got something. Waiting for the window period to get tested.
Parents of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you've caught your kid(s) doing?|Caught my oldest walking around with a bag of chips, and his weiner in said bag of chips.
In which way is Shawshank Redemption realistic?|Once you've been in for too long, there is no reintegrating with society.
What do you want sexually, but never asked your SO to do?|Fuck me in the ass until I get a hemorrhoid.
What would your ultimate supergroup be?|rational thinking people.
What is it like being a man on a dating site?|Kinda lonely
Do you like to hear music? What is your most liked song that you can hear again and again?|Hej Monika
What's very slowly becoming rarer and rarer?|Actual common sense
What is the best sound you’ve ever heard?|Silence
There are three city-states in Germany. Berlin and Hamburg are two of them. What is the third?|Bremen
If you were to create a new Olympic sport what would it be?|I would personally go with crocodile jousting
People who find Ken M posts do you look for them or is it found by mistake?|Who the fuck is... no, don't bother telling me cause I don't give a fuck.
What's one thing that's mentioned a lot in the real world but not a lot on Reddit?|My real name.
If you could go back in time to any period of history, where would you go and what would you do?|As a black guy, I think the present is the best era to be in. The thought of being a slave doesn't exactly sound appealing.
What “old person” things do you do?|Eat dinner before 5pm; bed time by 7pm; Prefer daytime flights over overnight flights; enjoy cruises.
Redditors who have sex on the regular, what's your secret?|Finding a partner with similar or identical sex drive is a big help.  On average, my partner and I had intercourse with each other about 2 1/2 times a day, for over 20 years.  Until my partner died.
What belief do you still struggle with to this day?|That failure is absolutely acceptable
What sounded good in your head but you regretted as soon as you said it?|"""I love you""
Apparently it's offensive for some girls..."
What would you do if you only had 24 hours to live?|8=👊=D💦
Old people of Reddit, what technology or thing has been invented that you never thought you’d see in your life?|"I'm in my 30s, so I'm not ""old"", but if you'd have told teenager me in the 90s that we'd have a device like the iPhone in the next 10-15 years, I would not have believed you."
What's the spookiest thing that happened while you were alone?|The voices in my head told me a story 🤪
Why sharks have nostrils?|Smell fear
What are some good Asian appetizers and meals to make for valentine's day?|Do the sushi thing from sex and the city
Parents who play on their phone in public while your baby is crying, when did your parental instincts die?|You don't pander to a crying baby all the time. Sometimes the correct move is just to let them cry.
Why did you cheat?|Tastier options
"If you had a chance to send a message to your ""future"" reincarnated self, what would you say?"|The Indians have it right - reincarnation is the answer to the mystery of death.
What social media quote makes you want to ignore the person entirely?|"""If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve my best"" *block user*"
If the Light Web were a thing, what would it be like?|"I know the phrase ""Light"" has nothing to do with the strength of the connections, but I just imagine everyone's connections being so fragile in this situation. Like you have to be gentle when you browse the Light Web."
What important item have you currently lost that you're in the process of looking for?|Her.
Why would an ex check your Instagram story multiple times every single day when they have a new partner?|Sounds like your ex isn’t ready to move on....
Why do the British drive on the left - and what prompted other countries to switch to the right?|Nobody knows dude it’s just always been that way or whatever.
Long time lurkers of Reddit, what have you seen reposted the most?|There’s this c*cksucker goes around posting who is your daddy and what does he do all over the place. Somebody should just give him a years worth of gold so he’ll stfu or whatever.
What games do/did you play/invent on long car trips with your parents?|What's that smell? I spy licence plate game
Who is your role model?|Bruce Lee
Reddit, What's the Funniest Commercial You've Ever Seen?|A Chinese ad that was racist but funny because they the company didn't pick up on the fact that it was and decided to run it. Black guy goes into a washing machine, comes out white. They were trying to sell detergent, wonder how that went....
If you had the opportunity to go back in time and fix ONE mistake you’ve made, which would you choose?|Fixing the mistake of not getting my girlfriend pregnant so her parents don't tear us away from each other. (She wanted a kid anyway)
Aside from bathrooms, are men and women treated differently at your workplace? How?|Not really. But I work at a retail store. The only difference is that my supervisor will call upon any guys to lift the heavier stuff. But the women can do it and are capable of it if there are no guys around to help anyway.
Men who never musterbate after marriage, how ?|Any man who says that is lying.
If Yankee Candle tried to capture the smell of your state in a candle, what would it be?|Nervous sweat. I don’t live in the US but I’m in a state of constant dread
Who's the absolute cheapest person you know?|Are you referring to the middle eastern slave trade or people of Scottish descent?
What is the best or craziest way you have seen someone break up with their significant other?|"I broke up with this girl over poetry. She said; *""Why don't we go to a poetry reading tonight?""*  And I said; ""*Why don't we just fucking break up then?""*"
What's the weirdest porn you've ever seen?|Missionary Position for an hour
if you could undo one thing you did in the past 24 hours, what would it be?|That couch-pizza
Women of Reddit, what is one area where women undoubtedly have it better than men?|The legal system.
What have you done that surprisingly hasn't bitten you in the ass yet?|Switched from working at my office to working from home and consistently spent half of my work day playing video games.
Redditors who struggle with depression, what are things you DON'T want to hear from friends/family who want to help?|I recently had a falling out with a good friend, some people have just said oh well they don't want to speak to you well then just write them off. Easy as that
What was your cringiest phase?|Sunday funday
What's the laziest thing you've ever done?|Lying on the sofa waiting for the cat to come back in so I check if it's raining outside.
What is MONEY to you ?|A means of payment
People of Reddit, for what have you been wrongly accused?|Murder
What do you wonder about going to see the Doctor about, but never actually do?|After my last prostate exam, i often think about stopping by for a drink
What is your niche/obscure ability that you almost never use, but when you do people are amazed?|Somehow I can guess too many things right about a person, like his childhood, when was his first whatever, stuff about his family members, and their emotions, I still consider it as coincidences.
Readers of Reddit, what are some underrated novels that you think others should read?|"Jeffery Archer's ""Clifton Chronicles"" It's a 7-book series and is really fascinating as it spans from 1919 to around the early 2000s. It really builds a whole new world inside your brain."
What are some good self-help books about overcoming social alienation?|I recently found books on transactional analysis helpful for this. They're not about overcoming social alienation specifically, but I found they're good for understanding interactions with other people that I *found* alienating, and for identifying ways that I specifically interacted with other people that were causing me to be and feel alienated. The two books I read were: The Games People Play by Eric Berne I'm OK - You're OK by Thomas Harris
Reddit, what is the best way to release anger when you really feel like beating someone up?|Hack someone instead. There's no risk of getting caught (if you're smart).
What happened when you thought you were right about something, but you were wrong?|Once I thought I was wrong but I was right, so I was wrong.
What is a good reason to say for quitting a job besides person reasons?|"""Pursuing other opportunities."""
If money weren't an object, what would you do all day?|Travel.  Explore. On my down time, isolate in comfortable environment somewhere far away from everyone.
Redditors with their own business, what was the hard part of starting up for you?|Clients
Mechanics of Reddit, what's the worse case of car neglect you ever encountered?|ask at /r/justrolledintotheshop and you'll get hours of responses
What’s your secret superpower?|I can negotiate pretty well
What's something that's so embarrassing that you did/had happen to you that you haven't told anyone?|I think when I was about 6 years old I peed myself in a store at the mall because I didn't know where the bathroom was and couldn't get to it in time. The woman at the front desk saw it and she wrapped an outer jacket I had on over my waist and told me to go find my parents.
What makes life worth living?|My kids
Why don't we hear about other governments besides the US having shutdowns?|Most governments don't shut down. For example, in many government systems the failure to pass a funding bill is an automatic vote of no confidence, forcing new elections; thus a budget bill will *never* fail to pass. Here's a good article on the subject: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2018/01/22/why-other-countries-dont-have-government-shutdowns-2/?utm_term=.4c116c1e49c4
People working in healthcare and social services, how do you deal with compassion fatigue?|Give it to the people who are worth a damn
Aquarium owners, what prompted you getting an aquarium?|Do you regret getting one? How much time and money are you investing? What kind of fishes are you keeping? Do you have any pics? What are your future plans with the aquarium? What lessons have you learned from owning an aquarium? Former aquarium owner are also welcome. From fish bowls to restaurant owners to zoo workers, anyone is welcome here. Lastly, what kind of advice would you give aspiring aquarium owners?
Workers that left their work/got fired because of it, what was that one rule at work that you just could not stand?|You had to be at work at least once a week
You just found $5000, how will you spend it?|Idk. Save it til I think of something good
What electronic devices will not have advanced in 20 years time?|Texas Instruments calculators.
Who's the person you found it hardest to forgive, but did in the end?|I don't really forgive people. It's either not that big of a deal, or I'm just done dealing with that person.
Who are you missing right now, and why?|My 8 and below self, I miss him because of his innocence and fearlessness.
With the upcoming lent season, religious people, what do you plan on giving up, or what was one of the hardest things you’ve given up, or seen someone else give up?|"Is it ""legal"" to give up on ""giving up something""?"
What time do you usually get up in the morning?|4/5am
Hey, yes you, who-re you ?|Me and not you
What's the longest conversation you've ever had?|IRL probably 6 hours. Maybe longer if you count online
What likes milk more than a starving baby?|A starving cow baby? Cats? Men with mommy issues?
What is the closest you have ever been to dying?|Nearly drowned in water, decade later nearly drowned in co2.
Whitney, who whipped you?|Bobby
Students of Reddit, what do you usually do when school ends?|Go home, and breath a sigh of relief
What's the most blatant waste of resources you've ever seen?|Government
What did your children play with or do with their time back when there was no iPad, Tablets, Technology?|Cup and ball?
What is your favorite Arrested Development line or joke-set up?|Michael: we’ll have to get rid of the Seaward  Lucille: I’ll leave when I’m good and ready
What are the best movies about someone overcoming adversity and overcoming the odds?|Trading Places
What are some ingenious ways to use items for something other than their intended purpose?|Cunt in America - (I fucking hate you), just take a flight down to Australia - Cunt (You're my close friend).
Islamophobics of Reddit, why are you such asshats?|YOU HAVE COMMITTED A THOUGHTCRIME
Why is Valentine's Day called Valentine's Day?|After Saint Valentine.
I put my heart and soul into puns, why don't you put some respeck on my name?|Because we don't have the patience to read your username.
What's the deal with Canada's national anthem I didn't find it very offencive in the first place?|ultra-liberalism makes EVERYTHING offensive now, so tradition and history have no basis anymore therefore they want to erase the past, discourage that which they dont understand and throw rocks at all those that disagree
What is something that seems impossible but you know can be done?|The apocalypse
What is a productive way to use two phones in daily life?|I use one for work and the other for talking to bitches.
Assuming the United States manages to elect sane people the next few terms, how long would it take for the country to recover (if at all) from all the damage (socially, internationally, environmentally etc) being inflicted during this particular presidency? Is this reversible to a degree?|2 years, 8 months, 3 weeks, 9 days, 22 hours, 37 minutes and 12 seconds.
If you forget your parents wedding anniversary. How can you make it up to them?|Kids never celebrate their parents anniversy of their wedding,
People who work at NASA, how do you feel about SpaceX?|I'm over the moon.
"When athletes make a big play, they all scream ""let's go!"" Where are they all going?"|To the big leagues
Who's excited about the Olympics?|FUCKING...... Not me.
If you had a device that could talk to animals, which animal would pick and why would you pick it?|A parrot, I'd want one that could talk back.
How different do you think America would be if we treated almost all immigrants like we did the Irish and Italians during the late 19th and early 20th centuries?|So we throw stones at them as they come off the boat, then immediately sign them up for the army or pay them almost nothing for a job regular American's don't want to do? Sounds pretty much consistent with our current policies.
Western world redditors who moved to Europe, is it hard to drive on the opposite side of the street?|Um, pretty sure that's only England.
What is your Holy Grail of material possessions that you currently possess?|I want a Return of the King cinema poster to complete my collection again. Some damp got into my original, and it was ruined.
What does everybody like but you don't?|Minions
Why does everything feel so dead?|It's you
What questions that are hard to answer?|I'm gonna go with this one
What argument did you lose and you know you weren't right but don't want to admit?|50/50
What is Canada's opinion of Justin trudeau?|He's a fucking embarrassing idiot.
What was your dream job as a child, and what inspired it?|Streetcar motorman. From my earliest age I was fascinated with streetcars. Why? Who knows! I did go to work for the transit authority but as a mechanic. Close, but no cigar.
Redditors, what is your craft/trade and what do you wish you knew when you first started?|"Goldsmith. I wish I knew they were planning to change the law and make it so that everybody can be a goldsmith without going to school. And that after 3 years of studying they shut down the school sending me home like ""well good luck your diploma is worth shit now""."
What's something negative that happened in your life but then turned into something positive and suddenly it all made sense?|For example: I failed my French exam in highschool and had to retake it months later. I had already been accepted into a college abroad and had to cancel on that and try it again a year later. I was crushed.  But I ended up meeting my now husband and have a beautiful son now. This might all have never happened if I would have moved abroad a year earlier as originally planned.  What's yours?
What's something useful that many people don't know about?|The lid of a tic-tac box has a space for holding a tic-tac
How has the type of person you make friends with changed over the years?|When I was growing up, I was one of the weird kids, so I had to pick from the weird kids for friends, and that didn't really give me a normal basis for how I should act, and I didn't end up learning how to be normal until I went to college. I rarely talk to my childhood friends anymore, and most of them still live with their parents, even though we're around 28. They still watch anime that isn't age-appropriate, are into My Little Pony, playing kids games, and perpetuating the sheltered lifestyle they grew up with. I can't talk to them about the things I'm interested in at all. My new (from college) friends are well-adjusted, happy, productive members of society. We cook together, we have barbecues, we go to beer festivals, watch thought-provoking movies, talk about philosophical ideas, build things in our wood shops, collect wine, shoot guns, own houses, travel... They're adults. My girlfriend (who's a few years older than my friends) doesn't think of them as adults all the time, but only because none of them have or want kids, and my girlfriend's friends do. Basically, my friends are in a happy zone between the limited interests that kids are supposed to have and the boring monotony of parenthood, where all parents can talk about is their kids.
What's the most hotest movie you've ever seen?|Laurence of Arabia
What is the full form of CPU?|Central processing unit
When is it ok to send an unsolicited dick pic?|Never.
If a service dog for a blind person craps in the house who cleans it up? The dog? How?|I’d guess they’re trained not to shit indoors
Sign language speakers, what's the best secret conversation you've ever had in front of others?|Stop. Dangerous curves ahead. No entry. Yield. Slippery when wet. Bump. Bump. Bump.
What is your favorite memory?|It's a dream I had about my crush years ago
What is the thing in your life you wish would just go away?|My student loans.
People who take reddit posts seriously, why?|"You can have a serious conversation on Reddit. Even if their name is ""cucklorddildofucker42069"""
Reddit's shy people, what were the worst situations you've ever faced?|Working with people *shudders*
Meth Lab workers of Reddit- What are some perks of being a Meth Lab worker?|I now have enough money to pay off my chemotherapy bills.
How do you spell the sound that Chewbacca makes?|HERRNNNGGGHHHHH
How much bitcoin (or other crypto) could someone mine if they had access to one of the worlds supercomputers?|7
whats your favorite topping(s) on a pizza?|Onions
What was the population of Germany in 2011 (to the nearest million)? What was the population of Germany in 2011?|r/TitleGore
What is your favorite Hamburger?|Bacon, bleu cheese, red onion, lettuce & tomato
What Are Your Favorite Things?|Fine pitch ratchet pawls.
What color is your president?|White with a hint of orange
When you argue with someone over politics, do you insult them and get angry?|I don't argue. I debate. If you can't meet me on a level playing field and be calm, rational, and logical by using actual *facts* to support your position, then there's really no point in talking to you.
What foods are commonly mistaken as healthy?|Granola.  High calorie on purpose.  Great when you're on a hike, bad as a regular snack at the desk.
What do you think of people who pose in front of gym mirrors?|its all good i got respect for lifters. But they tend to over do the selfies lol
What's something you're pretty sure only you do?|Shower in my furry outfit.
What's your favourite sci-fi movie?|Star Wars (OT only!)
What do movies or video games always get wrong?|Schizophrenia ≠ multiple personality disorder
What is a strange food combination you enjoy, that others might find strange?|Not me, but my friend likes to dip his fried chicken into the yolk of fried eggs.  It’s a very disturbing combo if u think about it
What's the worst job to go on strike?|Minimum wage jobs because your ass is gonna get replaced.
Why is the topic of animal cruelty so big if we just end up eating them anyways?|Why be a dick? Anyway, they tend to taste better if they're raised in healthy, low-stress conditions.
What are some of the best books you have read that you would recommend to everyone?|"Ender's Game. The following books in the series are OK, but this one just stood out to me. I think it can stand alone just fine
Edit: words"
Hey Reddit, what is your current favorite song?|Gorillaz - On Melancholy Hill
What is the best way to learn english and speak fluently?|Be born a native speaker.
Why can't we get 51 majority vote in the Senate?|Because some RINOs keep voting with the Democrats.
What was your best wrong turn in your life?|Her.
People who suck at everything, what do you do?|Lay in bed in a fetal position, wracked with crippling depression and fear of failure and staring at the walls.
What's a compliment when you're 20 but an insult when you're 40?|"""Wow. $20k in your 401k. Impressive"""
Deaf people of Reddit, what are your general opinions on rhyming?|Bit rough for me but it's fine. Nvm, thought you said rimming.
Science Fiction aficionados of Reddit, what books (not films or TV) would you recommend for someone trying to get into the genre?|Hyperion and then The Fall of Hyperion and then stop. Similarly, Ender's Game is fantastic. Just ignore anybody who tells you there are sequels.
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?|One if it has a disease
How would you improve a show you thought was great?|Game of Thrones. **More Titties**. Don't get me wrong, they did good, but *you can never have too much titties*
Given automated trading and the willingness to lose a few hundred million dollars, what would it take to hack the stability of the stock market?|A Cory in the House all-day marathon
What do large game companies do to ensure that their employees do not leak any details to friends/family/internet about upcoming titles?|Put it in their employment contracts and sue if they leak.
If sex acts were named for super heroes, what would they entail?|Well, I mean, there's always The Spiderman.
Lottery Winners of Reddit, how much did you win and what did you spend it on?|£20. I seem to remember spending it on a ticket to watch Plymouth Argyle play football.
In what ways do you think your friends would be surprised by how you are at work?|Might be surprised I actually give a shit about my job.
What is the most (seemingly) paranormal encounter you’ve ever experienced?|Played the ouija board in my room late one night with my brother. We asked multiple questions and we started getting real answers which started spooking us. We started getting deeper into the questions and we asked what it knew about us and it proceeded to say what I was wearing and my age and the date of my birth. I started getting very light headed and my vision started getting blurry. I decided it was time to put up the board so we did, within the first 5 minutes of ending the session I saw some black figures from in my bedroom running across my hallway into my living room as well as my brother so we just closed the door and ignored it. The only light we had on in my room was this big lamp I have and as we were chillin watching YouTube the lights started flickering constantly and I nearly had a fucking heart attack. I threw about a whole bottle of holy water down all over my room and got the fuck outta there and went on a walk and smoked. Not the most scary thing that has happened just the most recent
What is your favourite movie from your least favourite genre?|Grease was surprisingly entertaining.
How ready are you for the weekend?|Work most of my hours on the weekend so not ready
What was some great acting in a terrible film?|Nicolas Cage
"What is it specifically about ""the lure of femininity"" that turns you on?"|I LIKE VAGINA.
What's the weirdest sub you are subscribed to?|subredditsimulator
Those of you who were infected by ransomware, what happened?|I got rid of it.
What your go to 'G' rated curse word when children are around?|"""God fucking dammit."""
What's the best MST3K episode?|I get a kick out of the Gamera episodes
Authors and of reddit: What's your playlist for writing?|I tend to find that, as a writer, music is a big distraction. I can't write properly with music playing, because each song I listen to has its own story and listening to that interferes with the story I am currently trying to write.
What is a very simple thing that another person can do/or fail to do, that makes you instantly hate them?|Not flushing after using a public toilet. Nothing makes me think you deserve to be banished from civilized society more than walking into a stall and seeing that you've refused to reach out a foot and a half to rid the world of your nasty ass turd.
At what point in life did you realize that you weren’t going to be the most successful person at your age?|The moment I realized that after,graduating college I would have to go back working in the restuarant business. But, the difference being that I have 50k debt looming over my head.
"What screams ""It's not what it looks like""?"|Eating a whole pizza alone
Cis people of reddit, what do you envy about your trans friends?|Nothing
On what did you spent most of your pocket money when young?|Cocaine
Lucky people of Reddit, what competition did you enter and win?|Won a free Note 8 and a origin PC, I am grateful for it
Which jobs are criminally underpaid?|Teachers
Is Big Momma's house the most iconic film franchise in history, if not, why so?|Considering i have no idea what youre talking about but I know the plot of star wars without having seen the original movies I'm going to say it isn't iconic.
Hey Reddit, what do you have going on this weekend?|Work.
Alien here. What are some things we should know before we use your bodies as hosts and how do we fit into your (personal) lifestyle to not get caught?|Yooo.. we already deal with this. Go research Scientology. You missed the boat on this planet.
What small thinfs can you do to show your appreciation for a friend?|Anal.
What's a good 'gender neutral' term for cocktail?|cucktail
People with really disgusting fetishes (i.e. poo porn, etc) ... why?|It's an exploration of how depraved and inhuman they can become.
Redditors from Wealthy Families - When did you first realize that your family's lifestyle wasn't the norm?|When I figured out what type of brand Rolls-Royce really was
Gays, lesbians and bisexuals of reddit, what’s your coming out story?|I feel UNDERREPRESENTED
When did you realize your spouse didn't love you anymore?|Stop it, son! I told you already, your mother and I love each other very much, the divorce is all your fault!
Reddit, what is your opinion on GMO foods?|Hasn't killed me yet.
If you could take one book with you to the medieval ages, what would it be?|Phone book. Gonna need all that paper for fires and wiping my ass!
What's one food you could eat an obscene amount of and not get sick of?|Rice..... duh :p
What's the perfect mobile phone to have these days and why?|I love the Pixel 2. Great camera, above average battery life and unlimited cloud storage. A bit pricey but cheaper than the iPhone and gets Google support
Has someone ever assumed your gender? How did it make you feel?|Like they were psychic, how could they possibly know I'm male?
Redditors, What is your saddest childhood memory?|The sad news that I can't possibly have any pets because of my allergies 😔
What everyday sound sends chills down your spine?|Air raid sirens
What do you eat instead of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?|a jelly and peanut butter sandwich
Who would win in a fight between Lebron James and the lowest ranked fighter in the UFC?|Chuck Norris
What is it that YOU just can't get enough of?|common sense. not a whole lot of it floating around these days either
What old games still hold up?|flip a coin
What is a cartoon you loved that ended too early due to cancellation or other reasons?|Gravity Falls. It was gone too soon, but at least it ended on a high note.
What's something common you can honestly say you've never done once in your life?|Anal. Everyone’s doing anal these days it seems.
Why isn't Rob Schneider considered the Greatest Actor of Out Generation?|"The ""you can do it"" guy?"
What do you do with your arms while trying to fall asleep?|Touch my peepee
What song did you start out loving, then listened to so many times that now you hate it?|Not any song of my choice, but songs that are played repeatedly on the radio or so.
Which dishes become instantly better with Bacon & Cheese?|Mac & cheese.  Extra cheese? Bacon?  Hell yes. Also burgers.
When and how did celebrating Valentine's Day start?|St. Valentine in Christianity.  It’s his feast day.
What does SnoopSnoo say about you? Anything strangely true?|It says I have a boyfriend, I like Interiors design and talking about relationships. All true
what's your ridiculous babysitting story?|I used to baby sit the two boys of family while their parents Went out once every few weeks to get some alone time. I had looked after them before and they were usually well behaved and listened very well. This family had a few cats and they would climb in all sorts of odd places such as in the sinks, bookshelves, cupboards etc. Well this night I guess they had left the dryer door open and when one of the kids went downstairs to get his ball hockey gear I guess he closed the door on the cat and started the dryer. I was already outside waiting at this point so I heard nothing about this until we came back inside and I noticed the dryer was on. I asked the kids why it was on and they said their mom was doing laundry. I knew for a fact that it was off when after the parents left so when I went to investigate I opened it to a completely burned and mangled cat that was essentially twisted like a pretzel. I told the parents what happened and that their kid was a psychopath and needs help now because he clearly is not right in the head. Never babysat anyone's kids ever again. The parents were in shock. They didn't blame me or get mad. Just shocked that one of their kids murdered their cat like that. It still makes me uncomfortable to think about him.
What gives you comfort?|The knowledge that someday, I will die
What was your worst newbie mistake on the computer or internet?|on the mac in elementary school i put the harddrive in the trashcan and emptied it LOL
Redditors who had to be sent to rehab, how was your experience there?|Obligatory not me but... Two different friends both did full on inpatient rehab.  The consensus was that the real world sucks after all the Belgian waffles you can eat.  It sounded like a nice hotel stay with a lot of counseling, where everyone was pretty damned crabby about the no drugs thing.
Which one is correct, some of them is o r are?|Are, some means there is more than one of whatever it is.  One of them is. Some of them are.
What do people who made a living selling weed do now in states that have legalized it?|Sell it legally.
People with a sensitive Q clearance, what do you think about today's security checks and enforcement?|Nice try, Russia.
If someone wanted to get into comics, what comic books should they pick up to start their nerd journey?|Probably Superman, he’s pretty much the face of comic books.
Those of you who have kids and are close to their family but have moved away from their family, do you regret it?|I have a nine month old and I am really close to my mom but My husband and I miss living in New Orleans, which is 7 hours away. Every day is a struggle internally because I don’t want to leave my mom (and his mom is pretty old, so that makes it hard, too) because I want her to be able to see my son as much as possible. Still, we hate living in the city we’re in now.
What is your most bizarre talent?|Im people repellant
What tech do you use when holding a conference, to easily switch between presenters, and possibly project multiple inputs at once (Split screen possible?)?|Epson has a new projector with a split screen function.
What sound can you not stand ?|Gucci gang
If Billy Joel released a new version of We Didn’t Start the Fire including lyrics based on the 90s, 2000s, and 2010s, which famous people, places, or events would be mentioned?|President Trump.
What are you going to give up for lent?|Catholicism.
What have you done to see if you have mental powers?|I used them to make everyone forget how I completely fucked the world up in January.
"What is your most embarrassing ""butt dial"" phone call?"|911
What’s on your Bucket List?|A lot of travelling
If you could freeze time, how would you make the most legitimate money?|Things such as cheating at roulette would be dodgy as you can never unfreeze at the exact same place. Money from banks has bill marks etc You can steal things as long as you can sell them and the money wouldn't be questioned.
What is it like working at/for Starbucks and what are the benefits?|Its ok. I get coffee breaks.
If something in your hobby is lost? What is the feeling then?|Time to kill again.
what the worst place to get horny at?|A mosque
What's the best part of being from a middle class family ?|Not being from a lower class family
What's something that you can do to make the life of the person that cut you off devoid of happiness?|I dunno about that person, but if I would allow that thought to haunt my mind, I would definitely end up devoiding my own life of happiness (:
If you try to create a new color in your head, what do you see?|my brain collapses in on itself
Professional photographers of Reddit what did it feel like selling your first photo?|validating
What did you realize was weird about your county once you traveled abroad?|Power lines being in the air on sticks as opposed to underground. Makes absolutely no sense.
What was your favorite food as a child, but not so much now? Why?|"Vienna sausages dipped in strawberry jelly. 
No way would I eat that ish now cause I don’t like the taste."
A magical magic man gives you the strengths/powers/abilities of any main character from any game. The only catch, you have to complete the game in real life before gaining those strengths/powers/abilities, which character do you pick?|Tetris!!!
What is the best revenge movie?|Die Hard with a Vengeance
What makes you keep coming back to Reddit?|The comments section and the fake internet points.
What is your best friend's biggest flaw?|They don't shut up. LOL
What's the biggest difference between porn and real life?|If you deliver a pizza with your dick sticking through it, you're going to jail.
It is GirlScout Cookie season around here, what is your go to?|Samoas.  I will buy an embarrassing amount of those things if left unchecked.
What is your favorite TV show and why?|Simpsons. So quotable, good life lessons, insightful funny commentary, well-developed characters.
If you had to start Reddit WW3 with a debate, what topic would you bring up?|The details of overpopulation.  The need to begin to limit how many children a person should have, who gets to have children, utilitarian agreement on consumption and land use, etc. I believe this issue is too far overdue for discussion and people are going to react with a great deal of angst toward the first people to bring this issue to the forefront.
What's the dumbest thing you did to impress your friends?|I ate a carolina reaper pepper for 80 dollars at 2 am after a night of drinking. It ended up being the worst night of my life and the worst pain I've ever experienced. I was unable to sleep the entire night, sweating profusely, in the fetal position.  But that 80 dollars tho!
"Are there any ""classics"" of American lit which are read in English classes in the UK?"|Apparently Of Mice and Men is popular. Didn't do it at my school though.
Why are you better then everyone else?|"I don't write ""then"" when I mean ""than""."
Why or Why not is it discrimination to allow free or discounted dating services to women over men?|It's seen as an everyone wins policy. More men tend to sign up and use these things for there intended purpose, without women most men have no reason to be there, this way women get cheaper membership and men get women.
What's your best Roll Tide story?|I washed my comforter last week. I guess it was kinda rolled up.
OCD Entrepreneurs of Reddit, What are some of your weird (ocd) thoughts about your business, it's potential & success and your success in general?|What?
What is a world issue or current event that not enough people know about?|I have no knowledge of any current events. My life is far more enjoyable when I don't worry about things I can't change
What was your scariest up close and personal with wild life moment?|I saw Barnaby Joyce in the wild, yeah.. That was just odd and scary... He told me he'd kill my dogs if they didn't have a passport.
What single statement delivered with no other context can piss off literally everyone?|Unrecognized item in bagging area
Every time the letters “DP” are next to each other, something dirty immediately comes to mind. What innocuous things have been ruined for you?|DP?  What am I missing? God, I am so out of touch with the kids
Cable cutters of reddit where do you get your news?|From literally anywhere else.
What common piece of advice do you strongly disagree with?|Everything happens for a reason
How do you not give a fuck about other peoples opinions of you?|Because it literally doesn't affect me in any way, unless I let it.
What is the most terrifying existential thought you've had?|What if I run out of milk tonight
What do you love doing daily?|Going to fucking bed.        Going to bed fucking would have been my preference but i'm single.
What's a very stupid thing that you've caught yourself doing?|addiction
What is slowly becoming rarer in the world?|Eye contact
What question would you ask to a random group of people that would likely stir up an argument?|"""Why is Donald Trump such a success politically but such a failure personally?"""
What's the first thing that comes to your mind when a hot girl look at you?|I'd like to disappoint her so bad
If human civilization were to restart completely, what inventions would not be rediscovered the second time?|Probably penicillin
What is the pettiest reason you got into an argument with someone?|I broke up with a girl and told her that her breath fucking stinks when we kissed, posted it on snapchat, and told everyone she has an STD.
How do you stop attaching your self worth to the opinions of others?|Not being on the Internet goes a long way
What hilarious things would a mind reader hear and just have to keep quiet about?|People getting pissed about having songs stuck in their head
2 lifestyles, conventional and non-conventional which one did you choose and why?|Unconventional, figure I can turn my life into a whacky sitcom.
What’s a time where you procrastinated a project the worst but was able to complete it despite it seeming impossible?|Tl;dr most of my time in college before I got insurance and realized I needed to be medicated to deal with my issues?
If Hitler HAD gotten into art school, what would he have painted?|Landscapes. He didn't do too well drawing people.
What are you really good at but hate doing?|Procrastinating
You have a throwing power of 500 metres a second with an object up to 125kg. How do you use this ability?|I'd just start whipping stones through buildings for the fun of it.
What are some overplayed songs that you still love?|Stressed Out
People who bit the bullet and messaged your ex, where are you now with them, and was it a bad idea after all?|After months of hyping myself up, I finally decided to tell her how I really felt about her. Sadly she didn’t take getting called a “raging bitch” too well.
Why don't you invest your time on something more productive?|You are right...
People who have had a near-death experience, what was it like?|One time I was really hungry and really wanted Chic-Fil-A but when I got there the line was wrapped around the entire parking lot and I didn't want to wait an hour for chicken so I had to go to McDonalds.
What not very popular 90s film are still worth watching today?|Titanic, True Romance
What's the best thing you haven't done because of anxiety?|havent tried to date in years and years and years
Which celebrity are you pleasantly surprised (key word: surprised) has not yet had allegations made against them as part of the Me Too movement?|Mr. Rodgers. There is no way someone is actually that wholesome.
What's your I almost got caught story?|Walked straight through the gate at Glastonbury festival with my brother and no tickets, guy at gate couldn't leave the gate so we ignored him at got in for free
What are some good books on being content and grateful?|Introductions to Buddhism are good for that.
What was the weirdest sex dream/wet dream you ever had?|The one where I was fucking my grandmother and she turned into a praying mantis and tried to eat me.
What's the best story you and your best friend have experienced together?|"We were building a hot rod and he was welding some filler plate to the firewall for that ""smoothie"" look while I was in the passenger compartment working on the wiring.  The welder blew through the firewall and he almost welded my face, whereupon I made a squawking noise that he loves to imitate and laugh.  It also set the carpeting on fire, so I was pounding on the flame front with my hand and yelling at him to get some water.   That or the time we dropped the front suspension of a '35 Plymouth (removed to make way for a Mustang II IFS) on my foot, leaving a scar that lasted about 10 years.  We also ran over his nephew's foot that same day.  When we build hot rods we get a permanent memento."
Since we record so much of the impact of religion on history, what historical moments were made by non-religious members of human history?|"The big banging of your mom.  
  
It was done by my male member. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
If you could make one thing free for everyone in the world, what would it be?|healthy food
What seemingly subtle thing annoys to you greatly?|Reposting from the front page of askreddit
Why does every discussion on Reddit turn into an ad hominem argument?|Because you're ugly.
What's the gossip in your neighborhood right now?|That this one family (who owns fucking llamas in a residential area) is the one calling housing authority on all the neighbors for dumb stuff. That he is also the one calling the police when anyone makes any noise or plays basketball because we are scaring his llamas lmao.....
You're a burglar but instead of stealing things, You do things to mildly inconvenience your victim. What do you do?|vegan
What word sounds the most like its definition?|Uncanny
Cashiers of Reddit what's your horror story?|Losing a 100 or finding a 100.
People of reddit, which app do you use for reddit on your phone?|Reddit.
What is the spooky scary thing behind you?|A fridge.
What would the world be like today if chickens never evolved/existed?|If chickens never eggsisted.
What are some good books on space, physics, and the universe?|A breif history of time. by Hawking
What's it like to live a man's life?|Hard, lonely and unrewarding.
We all suddenly become cannibals, what are some unspoken rules?|Don’t eat the dick bro, that’s gay asf
Why are people on this site acting like the US is such a terrible place?|Because some equate our government/politicians to the population. Not everyone is that ignorant, however.
Reddit, what's a quick observation about life you've made?|If you meet 10 people, and 9 of them are rude to you, maybe it's not them- maybe you're an asshole.
What’s that ask Reddit thread you’ve been trying I get around to read?|This one! It's just too long for me to make time for...
Solipsists of reddit, how do you deal with life?|The concept of solipsism in my opinion is just another one of those unsanswerable questions. I don't  bother getting upset about it because whether nothing besides myself exists or not, it doesn't affect the way I live.
How would robots with artifical intellegence view automated robots without AI that works for us?|They would not relate to them. Its the same as we do not relate to manequins.
Is there a study somewhere on correlation of giving money to poor people and those people leaving poverty?|"You don't need a Harvard professor to answer this. If you have bad habits on how to handle money, how is handing you 100,000 going to fix those bad habits?  It just means you'll have the free windfall for a while.  It will be gone soon enough. I worked with helping the homeless in LA in the mid 90's, allied with various Hollywood groups, rep Jackie Goldberg, Ted Hayes and HFH, a couple churches.  We provided food and clothing to people.  Year after year, the same people who we gave things to, jobs to, shelter to, the vast majority of them would be in just as bad a shape or dead years later.  Some of them admitted to making as much as 200 a day, working only 4 to 5 hours, tax free, by begging. So realize on a cushy schedule they were making the equivalent, some of them of what it would take a guy making at LEAST 75,000 per year to make.  But they were still ""in poverty"".  (Keep in mind this is Los Angeles, a beggar can make a lot more here, people here are, on average, far more tolerant and compassionate toward the homeless, which is why the homeless population keeps growing massively every year). A minority of people are in a bad situation due to bad luck and those usually recover very well given a little help.  That's what I saw in over 10,000 hours of charity work in the 90's. That doesn't mean suffering I helped alleviate had no value, that's subjective and I am glad I was able to help some even if ""it's no use, they are just going to make bad choices again"" was the regrettable truth."
Valedictorians of Reddit, what work ethic helped you achieve this title?|The 3 Valedictorians of my graduating class are all a hot mess right now. One couldn't get her head out of academia and works for a supermarket making minimum wage after college, the other became a priest charged with sexual assault, and the other one was admitted to multiple outpatient clinics for anorexia. Unfortunately, it seemed like their perfectionist attitude transferred to other areas of life and they weren't able to gather control of their lives. Just my own personal experience.
What's it like to write in Hebrew?|Feels holy man
What are some movies/videogames where the main character dies?|Red Dead Redemption
When is it acceptable to give up a pet? Are they always for life? When do you *not* judge someone for not keeping a pet?|I've sold off two dogs.   They were both very high energy, and I couldn't give them what they needed due to various circumstances which evolved. They needed someone whose life could kind of revolve around them.  So that's what they got.
What is a quirk you admire that someone does?|I just came back from spending time with a friend. She always brushes her teeth before she meets up with someone. I noticed her freshness, again today!
Reddit, what's a cool fact?|"The phrase ""cool as a cucumber"" is based on the fact that at room temperature, the inside of a cucumber can be up to 20 degrees cooler than the air around it."
What is the best scene from an otherwise shitty movie?|Batman vs Superman fight in Batman vs Superman.
If you could go to Disneyland with three people dead or alive who would they be?|man i wouldnt want to carry dead bodies around
An alien vessel approaches the earth, washes the whole planet with an intelligent ray that makes every species of animal, fish, insect etc. as smart as humans are. A great war between the living organisms on the planet breaks out. What species is the victor and why?|Humans.  We have an enormous technological advantage.
What deserves more publicity?|The dangerous/backwards ideas being put forward in our education systems.
What is a product you used to love and now can't stand?|Anything Strawberry flavoured or scented. Took some strawberry medicine and was sick in the car. Feel sick around everything strawberry now.
With all this talk about Russia intervening in the election. How many elections has the USA intervened in?|Countless. Propping up dictators, influencing countries politics. Now, that doesn't absolve Russia, because they legitimately are assholes as well.
"Who is the least funny ""comedian""?"|Amy Schumer, obviously no?
Redditors who are anti-social what are your reasons and do you ever see it changing in the future?|Debilitating anxiety and depression. I hope so.... Finally on meds ad seeing someone regularly.
What is something you learned in school that was seemingly useless, but turned out helpful?|How to do house chores properly. I'm now an unemployed husband how does house chores everyday
Those who were blindsided with divorce papers, what did you do?|A good friend of ours served divorce papers to her husband at a party we were hosting.  Talk about a buzz kill.
What movie role would you re-cast if given the chance?|Terry Crews as Edward Cullen in Twilight
"What's your worst ""I clogged the toilet"" story?"|My roomie had cats and would never clean the litter.  Finally, after I probably bugged her a little too hard about it, she decided to flush the problem away - I mean, it's just shit, right?  No.  It's also clumping cat litter, which is basically concrete waiting for water.  I had to replace the toilet.
Besides the obvious keys, wallet, cell phone. What do you never leave your house without?|LED flashlight, carmex lip balm and petroleum jelly lotion for my hands.
What TV series aired during the most change in your life?|The Simpsons, that show has been running almost 30 years so that has to cover everything.
What is your favorite quote from an awful source?|"""Love is trash, Bitches need cash"" - Mahatma Gandhi"
The Great War of Reddit has begun: you can choose one and only one sub-Reddit that you subscribe to to fight with, which do you choose and why?|r/guns pretty self explanatory
Spouses of Reddit whose wives/husbands have had affairs, has your relationship recovered from it? If so, how?|All these people having affairs and here I am wishing my girlfriend would sleep with someone else. That would be hot.
Younger Redditors: Which older celebrities do you find attractive despite their age?|Jamie Lee Curtis can get it.
What's your favorite thing in your saved section?|This post
What is the best soda/juice to mix rum with?|coke basically
What is something that you can see over and over and always be amazed by it?|porno
If you could immediately get one job what would it be?|Weed dispensary owner
What was the longest conversation you've ever had about?|Typically Religious.. as an atheist with religious friends it's a lot fun :)
When is the second interview usually set up? Is it usually set up during the first interview?|"I set them up after we've gone through the first interview. It generally goes like this: 1. Select candidates for first interview
1. Complete all first interviews
1. Convene with interviewers/managers and select candidates to narrow down
1. Make calls and invite for second interview"
How did some names get their nicknames; Bob for Robert, Dick for Richard?|/r/AskHistorians/
What's something that everyone on Reddit loves but you hate?|Minorities
How do you break up with a girl?|Just tell them you don't think it's working out and you want to see other people.
Calm drivers of reddit, what is the thing that pisses you off the most?|When you're on a 3 or 4 lane highway and it's not that trafficky but there's still a car in each lane going the same slow speed so that you can't pass them.
What's something you say you'll do, but never will?|Better
What's it like to live a woman's life?|You face discrimination every day. Men treat you as if you’re an object. We are women. Men don’t have to be here, we can live ourselves!
What is the thing that you find yourself the most abnormally good at?|Running and card tricks
It’s snowy and cold. What’s something fun you can do inside with your SO?|Lots of porn, sex, ice cream, and breakfast
Are you happy? If not, do you know what you need to change to be happy? What’s your plan?|I discovered i was cheated on, on monday, it has been a nightmare this couple of days, i don't know if i'll ever be happy again. and i don't know what to do right now. my life has been crumbled to dust. and i just want that person to pay since he is married as well. so to make it short, i am a gay guy whose hubby cheated on him with a married man who is married to a woman
What's the point of using acronyms like FTFY, ITT, TIL, etc. on Reddit?|STFU FFS
Shy men, how did you finally manage to talk to girls?|I realised that if i didn't try talking to them i would end up alone forever. Still alone but by choice now.
redditors who can't draw, what would you draw if you could?|Probably more detailed stick men.
What passes as sexual harassment in 2018?|Just about anything, these days.
You're forced to relive one day of your life over and over for all of eternity. What day do you chose?|The day I met my favorite actress
What are some good anti depression projects that will work effectively in a high school?|I feel like the project itself needs to be catered to the interests of the individual w/o the primary aspect having to be about depression. Whatever the project, an aspect that would seem to be a great addition is one that could be worked on out of a classroom chair; like out in the field, or simply right outside in the hallway if possible. Question: How are you applying these projects? Is it something you're trying to incorporate as a whole into the specific course you teach? Just one individual or small group in particular? What's the objective?
Why do stray dogs never bark at strangers?|"Strays may not have a ""territory"" to defend."
"What is your ""butt stuff"" horror story?"|One time, I got food poisoning, and when I crapped...the smell of it made me vomit into the tub.
Frequent AskReddit users, along with the original subject, what was a story/comment you knew was golden but died in an unviewed thread?|the only shit i can think of is stuff i wrote
If you could erase one thing from everyone's memory, what would it be?|Honestly,i'd erase all the faults thats with me. It's really hard to start over as a new person with existing people in your life judging you
Essential oil users of reddit, which are your favorites or favorite combinations and what do you use them for?|Wintergreen and cyprus make a good home scent in my oil warmer.
What do you think about in your bed as you are drifting off to sleep?|"""my arms asleep but if I stop petting you then you'll wake up"" (to my dog)"
Screen writers of reddit, what do you think of the psycho drama going on in DC?|Ooh whats this about? Spill it
Why did you lose your virginity?|Cause I really liked my girlfriend.
What's an example of incredible talent/artistry being ruined by commercialization?|I would actually argue that commercialization is key to bringing the fruits of talent out. Like for instance the internet is bringing out alot of innovation despite being a for profit service from a few ISP's
What is something that happens to you once in a while but seems to happen all the damn time?|Being late for school
People who've moved out the first time, what did you not expect?|The Spanish Inquisition
Parents of reddit, what is the most infuriating but harmless thing your child does right now?|Nothing is infuriating...I don't feel that emotional about stuff.  I think you mean mild annoyance.  Like my kids will get LOUD while having fun and basically start making sounds for the sake of making sounds.   My son, specifically, always has to poop during dinner.  So I'm often standing in a public restroom with him while he poops and my food gets cold when we go out to eat. Also, my daughter will try to retell stories that were just told, but takes a longer time to do it. Those things are kind of annoying.
Have you ever felt you lived in a Truman show? If so, what happened?|"Only during some extremely bad bursts of paranoia and even at the worst moments there were some people who acted as ""anchores"" to reality so no, the feeling did not take over completely."
If society was moved to 10,000 years ago, what trade would you master and why?|I’d become a pastor. People back then are so gullible, I’d get rich by offering soul cleansings for 5 shillings, then just dump buckets of water on them. Profit.
Which ram setup is best to use on a laptop? One 8GB ram stick or two 4GB ram sticks?|Assuming you are talking about one laptop with two ram slots, One 8GB is better because you could easily expand to 16GB in the future if need be.
Dreamers of Reddit, what's the scariest nightmare you can recall having?|Last night I dreamed I was looking after a friend's cats, but gangsters stole them during a robbery. I hoped they'd abandon the cats when they saw how ill they were, and we'd find them in a nearby street. I phoned the vet in the morning to see if the wretched cats had been handed in. They said the older one had been disintegrated, but that the younger one was ok, but was only a skeleton now.
What convinced you to become a better/nicer person?|BAHAHAHA
If you didn't have to pay for the flight where would you go for vacation?|Australia
How accurate is your signature to your name?|Very
How do you send pictures/songs in the post?|just host them on imgur and link it or link a youtube video
How do you think human evolution and migration would have been affected if the oceans were fresh water instead of salty?|People would have ended up getting along a lot better.
Which two famous people (living or dead) would make for the best “buddy comedy”?|Jesus and Hitler
If an alien civilization who could disgust themselves as humans wanted to secretly integrate themselves on Earth before invading, what would be the best way to do it?|Disguise?
What foods are commonly mistaken as unhealthy?|"People have a tendency to label anything ""fatty"" as unhealthy, but a tablespoon of olive oil is way better for you than a tablespoon of sugar."
Vegans of reddit, how long have you been vegan and what was the easiest and hardest change?|The hardest part was actually getting my entire head, all the way, up into my own ass.
What are some things on Reddit that you wish were improved?|The mods. Also Reddit not rolling over every time their precious image is threatened by the media.
Cashiers of reddit, what's the strangest combination of goods you've ever witnessed someone purchase?|"I wasn't a cashier but my female friend and I used to go to the grocery store or K-Mart or where ever and buy bananas, condoms, motor oil and diapers or some other combination just as ridiculous. We would giggle and say things like, ""I can't wait to get this stuff home! It's going to be so much fun!"" or ""I can't believe your parent's are going to be gone all weekend!"""
What are the advantages of being a man over a woman?|Pregnancy.
Redditors, what is something you do in your day to day life that if it was an Olympic sport, you’d easily win gold?|"Incoming fapping comments  
Fapping"
People who were born blind, what do you think humans look like?|oh shit my eyes were just closed the whole time thanks op
What are some ways that one can actively reject their white privilege?|"If you're in a situation where you can blatantly tell you're getting preferential treatment over an ethnic person then be vocal about it. I mean honestly besides that, this whole ""rejecting white privilege"" idea is kinda nuts. I'm not white but I think it's stupid that white people are basically being told to feel guilty about who they are for no reason. If you're getting free perks, no shame in that, as long as no one's getting fucked over as a result."
What would you do if you turned on the news tomorrow just to see Obama / accused DOJ officials being formally indicted?|keep surfing the channels.
Mailmen of Reddit, how often do you get bit?|I delivered leaflets for a year and a dog would go for my hand every week but they were never fast enough.
Why did you get expelled, Reddit?|Accidently hit a teacher with a chair.
Men who still musterbate after marriage, how frequently and why?|Never had less sex than when I was married.
Work poopers of Reddit: how did you gain the confidence to make this a daily occurrence?|Boss makes a dollar. I make a dime. That's why I poop on company time.
What is the biggest nothing burger ever?|*cringe*
Photographers of reddit, how did you start making money as a photographer? Was it mainly portraits of clients or have you also sold landscapes, macro, etc?|You have to kinda suck it up at first and do some free or very cheap photoshoots for friends or family just to have something to show. Advertise yourself publicly and show your last work, you’ll find someone who wants to pay you something respectable for the service.  This also depends on your style. If you enjoy doing macro shots mainly, chances are you’re not going to get a lot of portrait gigs. You have to advertise to the market that actually needs the type of photography you specialize in.
How do hackers protect themselves from their own malware? How do they protect themselves from others' malware?|Condoms
If you could go back and replay any moment in your life, what moment would you choose?|Probably When I was a kid my dad started a fire in the school library then shot my teacher in the leg and then my teacher killed my dad, who was a bad man.
"What is the best ""I never knew I needed this but now I love it' gift you've been given?"|Condoms
What is your war plan to neutralize NKorea with minimal collateral damage?|Wait for Trump to get out of office. Might take a while, but I bet NK will get off our backs when Trump stops trolling them on Twitter.
What jargon from obscure sports could be used as a metaphor at work?|Bar down!
What was the most radical change in emotion towards someone or something that you've ever experienced?|Emma Watson was 100% wife material until she opened her mouth off set
What would have happened to the United States if China never loaned money?|"Absolutely nothing. US government debt is very highly sought after, because it's considered an extremely safe investment. If China for some reason decided to stop buying it, someone else would pick up what they were no longer buying. China owns about 19% of the US debt held by foreign countries. The debt held by foreign countries is about 31% of the total debt - the rest is held by the US government or by US citizens or entities. So that means China holds nearly 6% of the US national debt. Edited to add: Let's be clear about how this debt works. It's not that the US government goes to China, hat in hand, saying ""Oh, please, sir, will you give us a loan, please?"". The treasury says ""Okay, we're selling X number of bonds at Y interest rate to be paid back in Z time. Take it or leave it."" Anyone can then buy those bonds. A lot are bought by the US government itself, particularly the Social Security Administration. A lot are bought by hedge funds, corporations, and individuals, as a safe place to store money. Only a fraction is bought by Chinese interests. Chinese holders buy a lot of US debt for a number of reasons, but one of the big ones is that they sell so much in the US that the end up with lot of US dollars. Rather than move that money back to China and pay various fees and taxes, they chose to keep it in the US and buy treasury bonds with it."
How can you say you love someone but still cheat?|Some people don't believe in monogamy, or doesn't work for them.
What monthly/quarterly/annually/etc checks should we all be performing to check for cancer?|Ask yourself “Have I played League of Legends in the last month?”. If yes, you have cancer.
What is your story of that annoying person you sat next to or near on an airplane?|Not mine, but Bill Burr's story about the crazy guy seated next to him is amazing. Not just funny but also satisfying. Search Bill Burr A Psycho on a plane.
Chipotle workers of Reddit- why does guac cost extra?|Avocados are expensive and not every one likes guac
When considering divorced, did it feel like death to you?|No. Sweet release and finality
What’s the ugliest thing you’ve ever heard an attractive person say?|“Ewww so and so tried to talk to me” It pisses me off that people think just because they look good they’re better than everyone
In the form of a haiku, what is your social security number, banking information, and pin numbers?|Find yourself a cliff and jump off of it, stupid shitheaded phisher. /s
What's the commonplace job you wished you had?|Administrative assistant
If you could commit one crime, what would it be?|Murder jake and Logan Paul
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?|We had gum that looked like chewing tobacco.  I found the same exact brand at Wal-Mart the other day and guess what? Its just bubble gum shaped nowm
Good morning Reddit! What imaginary argument did you win in the shower today?|That I'm truly the 7th Hokage not Naruto.
Plumbers of Reddit, what's the most surprising thing you found caught in a drain?|Not a plumber. Plumber pulled 3 Webkins stuffed fish out of the toilet when it was clogged in our house.  Daughter thought they didn't move because they needed water.
People that think it's a competition to see who has the worst life, why?|Misery loves company...
When was the last time you felt like a kid again?|I moved to the desert this year. I grew up in the North West United States, and it rains a lot there. I miss weather in general, and rain in particular, but every time it rains here I run outside to play in it. It really brings out the inner three year old in me. Unfortunately, it hasn't rained in like six months, but I have a feeling that 2018 is going to be our year.
What is unfortunate for some but fortunate for you?|Rain. I love rain, and unlike some people I know how to drive in rain.
How do you motivate yourself?|I don't. *Melts into uninspired puddle*
What's something I don't know?|What I ate for breakfast, and you will never know.
Why do conservatives believe truly insane conspiracy theories but not the reality of Russia?|Just partisanship. They're not conservatives in any meaningful sense, just right-wingers.
If you were granted the ability to walk through walls, what would be the first thing you would do with your new power?|Walk through a wall.
Who was the worst parent in a kids sports game you've seen?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzY7S_RGHm4
How did you get out from under the blanket and go to work even though everything seems pointless?|Someone else pushed me And that music plays better in my car then on my phone/headphones
What words do people often pronounce incorrectly?|Hyperbole - hell knows I did for a long time.
How did you unintentionally ruin someone's day?|When I was in high school, I accidentally stepped on the back of a girl's sandal while walking.  The sandal strap broke.  This was early in the morning, so she had to start the day with only one sandal.  I apologized profusely and then ran away.
What is your favourite Movie right now ?|Shutter island/Inception, all time favorites.
What is your personal, mundane superpower?|I can see in the dark a little bit better than the average person.  I am Dim Man.
What is it really like working for über?|r/uberdrivers
What do you have in your own secret stash?|weed
Long and complex mathematical equations keep appearing in my dreams in vivid realism. What does this mean?|You've been watching too much rick and morty.
Reddit, how do you feel about olives?|Olive them
what is something that instantly makes your attraction to someone go from 100-0?|piercings, smoking, being a bitch
If you could change anything about yourself,what would it be and why?|"I would like to be able to see out of both eyes. I have severe ""lazy eye"" and can't/don't use my left eye. It would be nice to be able to see like most everyone else."
What historical figure deserves a movie?|Tallulah Bankhead
Reddit, what do you think happens after you die?|I think what it's like after you die is exactly the same as what it was like before you were born.
If you went to sleep and woke up 100 years later, what’s the first thing you google?|"""100 years of fashion"""
"If you change a word in a movie title to ""Thicc"" what will it say?"|Die thicc
South Koreans of Reddit - how do you feel about the Koreas marching together during the olympic opening ceremonies?|It's just a show. Nothing will change for the better.
How much do you make per hour?|Not enough
What was the worst gift you ever received for Valentine's day?|Nothing. When I received nothing.
If you participate in online trolling, can you explain why you do it and what you think it adds to society?|Because, fuck you, that's why.
If I were to smell your fingers right now, what would I smell?|Blood. Wait, does blood have smell?
What is the most over asked question on AskReddit?|Probably What is the most over asked question on AskReddit?
What is on the fact of it subtle thing grate you greatly?|/r/titlegore
Awkward people of Reddit, why are you awkward?|Was born that way. When I was born I didnt cry, I just laid there awkwardly with my arms at my side and didn't make eye contact.
What's the creepiest urban legend/folklore you've ever heard?|Anansi's Goatman is pretty scary. Also, that one nosleep post about being a search and rescue guy.
What is an album where every song is good?|Brockhampton-Saturation
People of Reddit, how to you explain what Reddit is to non-users?|liberal cancer
Apart from drugs, what habits tend to ruin people's lives?|Poor work ethic
Redditers with narcissism, how do you deal with your affliction?|I deal with it better than everyone else does.
To the “other woman/man” of Reddit: What’s your story?|She's never been faithful to a single man she's been with. I've known her since high school. She always calls me to hang out and talk, but one thing leads to another.
Where is the best place to move to in the US?|Depends on what you’re looking for.
In your opinion what is the best way to make a cup of coffee?|Cold brew
"What are your variants of ""there are only 2 types of people""?"|There are only 10 types of people, those who understand binary and those who don't.
Finally able to ditch Comcast for fiber today, what is the best Wifi name that should be used to celebrate with?|I used to name mine treekillingradiation
People who know a lot about history: Compared to other countries, why did the USSR lose so many soldiers during WW2?|because they were attacked by the most soldiers, because until their war industries got it together they were severely outclassed by German war tech, and because of the Germans' brutal treatment of POWs.
Men of Reddit, when was the worst time you had a boner in public and how did you handle the situation?|I was in a swim meet and had to step onto the winner's podium to accept a medal, in nothing but a speedo, with a full on raging boner. I did it with pride and grace.
What is the worst thing you have ever posted on the internet?|"I posted a meme of that picture with Gordon Ramsay asking where the lamb sauce is. However, I changed ""lamb sauce"" to ""szechuan sauce"" and put Rick Sanchez's head over Ramsay's."
What's something you would hate to downgrade?|My Internet connection.
How was your first time in therapy? Did you keep going and did it help as much as you thought it would?|Went ok, helped more than I thought it would. Kept going and ended up finishing around 40+ sessions.
If whatever you say happens, what would be the worst thing to missay?|Fuck me, to your parents, or a stranger
People living in the US of A, what’s a good way to get a temp job for 2 - 3 fast?|If you live in a big city, like NYC, the best way is through a temp agency.
People who stand directly in front of elevator doors and block other people from getting off of the elevator... why?|"It's called ""being overly impressed by own self importance""."
What are things that people say in order to be polite, but are actually quite rude?|"""Bless their/your heart."" Here in the south."
What small/big lie did you catch your parents in?|When I got my wisdom teeth taken out, I was drugged up, so when we got home and he tells me I'm supposed to take half a Vicodin at a time, I believed him. He was pocketing the rest.
What app was ruined for you due to an update? Why?|Instagram. I still use it, but I hate that posts aren't chronological anymore.
How would you theme your amusement park?|Halloween themed, I know many amusement parks become like haunted houses for Halloween, not what I'm saying. I'm saying the people going dress up in costumes. Roller coasters with evil pumpkins on the front or something similar :)
Students of Reddit: What are some really useful study techniques that have benefited in the past?|Flash cards
What is something you legitimately thought was true as a child that you found was stupidly wrong as you grew up?|Life was fair
What's the biggest conflict that has ever occurred between yourself, and a teacher or professor? What transpired?|Him wanting kids, but I'm not ready for it. Created a divide in our relationship.
What is the best single player pc game?|probably a variation of civilization
Why arent young people into Lord Of The Rings anymore?|Cuz it came out 17 years ago
What are you currently stressed out about?|School
What was a thing you invented as a kid?|I was playing Dynasty Warriors and thought it would be awesome to have a game like that... but with Marvel characters, only you could swap characters mid battle... and maybe four player co-op... Years later Marvel Ultimate Alliance came out.
What small little problem in your life do you just want solved right now?|Id like a girlfriend op :)
In you're opinion, are hotdogs sandwiches? Why or why not?|/u/BoredomMan
What is the most ridiculous client request you've received?|I once had a customer demand $1000, literally for no reason. He would not take no for an answer, and spent the entire call advising me that he would have his close personal friend Donald Trump sue me if I did not comply.  When I say that he wouldn't take no for an answer, the conversation went something like this: Me: We will not be granting you this credit. Him: Is that your final answer? Me: Yes, that is our final answer Him: Well I expect you to call me back on Friday with your final answer. Me: ...Sir, this is our final answer, we will not be issuing you a $1000 credit for no reason. Him: Well I expect you to call me back on Friday with your final answer. (this goes back and forth about 3 more times) Me: So you want me to call you again on Friday, just to tell you again that we will not be issuing a $1000 credit? Him: Well, if that's your final answer It was just so infuriating.
What task in your profession is perceived by the general public to be difficult, but is actually quite simple?|lighting up one of those fancy looking dinner plates
People who ended long term relationship, what was your breaking point or reason?|I changed my mind about wanting kids.
Is it possible to be in love with two people? Why or why not?|Be in love as in couple or as a family?
What are some of your favourite success stories?|**Communism** *- said nobody ever*
If you are related to anybody who’s famous, do you ever get to see them and how do you treat them?|Taylor Swift is my 10th cousin, so naturally we don't hang out
If you were snowed in for 48 hours, except for relatives, which two people would you consider to be snowed in with?|no one
Workers of Reddit, what do you do at work (other than Reddit) when you're bored and/or have nothing to do?|imgur
What's the dumbest thing that you let your brother do to you when you were kids?|Get me started on drugs (I moved away from my brothers when I turned 17 and never did drugs again). It's not like they would have killed me if I refused, but I was stupid and gave in to peer pressure.
What small thing can you do every day that can change your life?|10pushups every day.
Are you guys into nu metal? If yes, why?|i love it. it's different.
What everyday thing do you absolutely hate doing, and would be okay if someone else did it ?|Driving through city traffic. I just want a tiny electric autonomous car that takes me everywhere.
If you could have a threesome with any 2 celebrities who would you pick?|Elizabeth Olsen and Daisy Ridley
How do YOU have your bacon sandwich?|On bread.
What becomes more effective as it becomes worn down?|Is this a riddle?
Where is the best place to move to in the US?|Depends on what you’re looking for.
Dear people of Reddit, how was your visit to India?|Very nice nature in India
What is your favorite stupid comedy movie quote?|“Is it necessary for me to drink my own urine? No, but I do it anyway because it’s sterile and I like the taste.”
Which is the more terrifying scenario: That we are alone in the universe or that we aren’t? Why?|"Probably the one where we are all alone.
That'd imply there are no other habitable planets anywhere, and that we'd be wiped out eventually, even if we possessed the tech to travel elsewhere."
Ok Reddit, who are your heros and why?|Batman. And Because he's Batman.
What is one rapper you can’t stand?|Hopsin or Lil Dicky.
What's the most inappropriate thing you've ever said and where was it said?|This ones a weird one for me. My favorite high school teacher died and held a funeral.When i saw his coffin i just burst out a laugh,inappropriate af.
What's the craziest or most profound experience you've had while under the influence of drugs?|One time I took an unknown drug, and woke up in an unknown world, as an unknown person, doing unknown things, a completely unknown life that I suddenly came to know. This is that life.
What mythology have the most underrated gods?|Judaism. That God was a fire and brimstone motherfucker.
"Tell me about, ""the one who got away?"""|It was a shame, I need to practice my knot tying skills more.
How come even war criminal G.W. Bush was more popular than Trump?|Shut up troll.
If you could turn any one of your dreams into a career, what would it be?|Owning a zoo 100%. That would be the tits.
Reddit, how do you choose your alarm clock sound?|I choose it based on which one sounds good to me
Why do some sunflower seeds taste sooooo much better than others from the same batch?|They came from different sunflowers I guess.
How much student loan debt do you have and how much do you make a year?|zero!! dropped out of college like a loser baby!
what is something you keep doing, even though you know it is not good for you?|eating shit tons of junk food
women of reddit, what is something men think we like but couldn't be more wrong about?|blacks
What is the oddest sub you are subscribed to?|subredditsimulator
Why do some parents end up hating their children?|Because children are assholes.
What do you think is your pets favorite thing about you?|that I leave him alone to sleep
If you woke up today as President Trump what would you do?|Brush my teeth, Go for a shower, comb my hair, fuck my supermodel wife and change 95% of my political stances.
Reddit, what's a time that you were truly, pleasantly surprised?|"I was on a first date.  I thought it went reasonably well, so I offered to drop her home. When we got there, I asked to use the bathroom -- not to con my way inside, but because I genuinely had to go. Once I stepped out, she was waiting ten feet down the hall. ""Have a good night!"" she said, neither stepping forward nor back. I got into my car, wondering where I went wrong. Ten minutes later, I got a text, teasing me for not trying harder and thanking me for a good time. We wound up together for two years."
Besides tying your shoe, how do you knot tying phenoms dominate society with niche expertise?|Work on a sailboat.
People who walk on the road even though there is a perfectly good sidewalk; Why?|It's like people driving slowly in the fast lane. Why do they do that.
Amish people of Reddit... Why won't you come up to the 21st Century if you think God has forsaken you?|How many Amish people do you expect to find on Reddit you colossal fucktard?
What is the biggest misconception about reddit?|It's surprisingly accurate and some people hate that.
What is something about yourself that you secretly love but may not necessarily be appealing to others?|I absolutely love giving foot rubs. I store a lot of stress in my hands and it helps release it. I've told a few people and after they joke about me giving them a massage they tell me that it's werid.  Also, I love driving in the car with no music. I got a really nice stereo and I hardly ever use it. I just hum alot to myself. Theme song to Doug and a random tune I can never place.
Who was infamous on your server and why?|"There was a girl on our Minecraft server that would  find a boyfriend here on Reddit. They'd be cool for a few weeks.  
Then after the break up she'd burn down whatever they built, and move to another area. (Like just light every building and walk away). We'd tell new players who found them it was a mod on sever that created lost ruins."
What is your ’Don’t do this but if you are going to ...' tips?|If you're going to have narcotics in your car, don't have busted lights, don't speed over 10mph, always use your blinker and for gods sake don't crash.
What gives you the biggest headache?|smelly perfumes
What subreddit are you surprised doesn't exist, or isn't a lot bigger?|r/teenagers
If you had to get a tattoo of your most used emoji what would it be?|:/
How do you successfully learn Ninjutsu and improve you chakra?|Get master Jiraya to help you dog.
Hotel employees, how are the people that attend conventions at your place?|It vary's wildly from extremely fun, to people determined to have a bad time.
How long does it take to upload and process a video to Reddit?|For context, I uploaded a video 7 hours ago and it is still saying processing the video, and I will be notified when ready. But the file is a .mp4 file and 17.1mb . Should I be waiting this long? My Internet speed is 60mb down and 20mb up. Thanks.
What's your idiotic idea?|Answering an idiotic question hoping it will get somewhere.
What word did you mispronounce wrong in your head for your entire life, until you heard someone say it out loud?|"For 25 years, I pronounced cache as ""cash-ey"". I'm a software engineer. Bite me."
What is only your opinion, but it's true?|Dippin Dots are better than actual ice cream
What have you been watching on YouTube lately?|Music videos and concerts
Why are we born? Don't you sometimes ask yourself what the point of your life is?|There's no point. We are born, to give birth. We simply exist to exist. We're just here because we have an instinct to survive and propagate. No other reason for it. Other species who didn't have this sort of instinct to survive and give birth would have died out long ago.
How can someone help out a friend suffering from depression?|Well support them in seeking help first of all, you can never really tell how severe it is. But outside of that, occupy their time with something they enjoy. For me if I can get outside of my head and stay busy, I seem to do ok. That especially helped when I was moving on from something that takes time to get over.
Why do some movies sugarcoat villains?|"It's a good movie when there's no straight ""good or bad"" in the show, and it's even better when you sympathise with the villain and actually see from their point of view regarding why they're doing what they're doing."
Teachers of reddit, what is the most egregious attempt at plagiarism you have ever seen?|This student stole almost their whole paper from a professor's blog. It was so obvious that a student didn't write it because it was very sophisticated, and it took me almost no time to find the source.
When have you been locked in the basement?|oh thats just a typical day but at least i have internet
What famous successful movie do you hate?|50 shades
How did you come up with your signature?|Mine is simple. I just write it the way I was taught how to in elementary school.
What are your favorite things to do high on marijuana?|Order pizza and watch Grandma’s Boy
Russian nuclear scientists tried to mine bitcoin with a computer computer, what have you seen people use their work computers for?|work
What are the most delicious examples of hubris in history just right before the downfall?|Trump winning the 2016 election
What are good tips to avoid getting murdered?|"Don't say, ""What are you gonna do, stab me?"" to a person wielding a sharp object."
What word or phrase bothers you to no end?|When someone says “screwed the pooch” as an analogy for messing up. Frickin hate that saying SO much.
What's the funniest TV scene you've ever seen?|Either Pepe Silvia or Charlie’s bird law in IASIP
Jesus has been resurrected on live television. What is the worst thing he could say?|"""And now let me introduce my close personal friend and confidant, Adolf Hitler!"""
People with penises, where do you aim when you pee?|My first goal is to power piss any shit stains off the inside of the bowl.
What's your favorite song about?|"Metallica - One This song is about a soldier fighting in a war and a mortar blows off in his face. He can't hear, see, smell, taste and he doesn't have arms or legs. He comes out of a coma in a hospital. During the time he is in the hospital he reflects on his life and things his father told him. Eventually the doctors get worried because he's having spasms all the time, but he doesn't seem to be dying. They call in the general and he can't figure it out either but the soldier with the general recognizes it. ""It's Morse code,"" he says. The general asks what he is saying and the soldier looks for a minute and then says, ""He is saying K-I-L-L- M-E over and over again."""
What songs do you listen to that always get you pumped up?|Quad City DJs-Cmon Ride the Train Cypress Hill-Insane in the Brain Busta Rhymes-Break Your Neck + Gimme Some More
What tells you, this is not someone to befriend?|Excessively negative people, especially when they talk about other people behind their back. They will not hesitate to talk about you behind your back if they get a chance.
What's the best conspiracy theory you ever came up with while high?|I may be playing video games, but are the games playing me?
How would you choose to die if you could?|As soon as possible
With all of the ugly that goes on in the world, what is something that is truly beautiful to you?|I love putting ear buds in and walking through nature reserves. It's so nice and pretty. Gets my mind off of wanting to kill myself. Gives me time to think.
What has unintentionally saved many lives?|Getting drunk enough to pass out.
What deserves more recognition from our modern society?|Not what, who: Teachers.
Reddit, How did you become a butt of a joke?|"I guess I'll go first.  A buddy and I used to hang out on weekends and we watched a decent amount of anime, as we both liked it (we don't have like body pillows and junk like that).  But we were watching one anime and I was like ""hey this character is cute"" and then we googled it, and thats how the joke that I like 14 year old girls started :/"
Hopeless singles of Reddit, what are your plans for Valentines Day?|Sincerely, One of you.
Sugar Dads/Moms of Reddit, What is the most expensive stuff you bought to your lover ?|A large Big Tasty^TM with bacon.
What is the rarest item you own?|An original, 1924 first edition of Babe Ruth’s Own Book of Baseball written by Babe Ruth (mostly ghost written by Ford Frick but with a good volume of tips on playing the game, positioning, etc that’s still relevant today)
"What is your worst, "" I should have knocked"" experience?"|The door was not bolted and she was pooping. She had bad gas.
What are some ways a girl can tease a guy sexually in a way he'll like while at his house but no sex yet?|Suck some other guy in front of him.
What social norm do you hate ?|Guys needing to make the first move. Like, holy moly when a woman makes the first move it's so hard to turn down (date or otherwise) just because it never happens.
What's the messiest place in your house, and why?|My room because I am a disaster
What local legend or myth do you know that is scary?|"I'll just copy what I wrote in another thread: ""There was a German version of 'Jack The Ripper' who was actually called 'Jacob Der Tripper'. For two reasons, nah three reasons actually: First, it's an obvious hommage to Jack The Ripper, secondly 'Tripper' is a colloquial term in German when referring to gonorrhea and Jacob was known to be plagued by that venereal disease. Back then, it was in the early 1910s, just before WWI broke out, there was no adequate medication for gonorrhea. And if there had been one, it's said, Jacob Der Tripper would obviously have avoided seeing a doctor, as he was a serial killer. So anyway, the city of Günzburg is located on the Bavarian side of the border between Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg. Since the dawn of time Bavaria has been quite conservative compared to other parts of the German Empire. The thing is, that part of Bayern is actually Swabian, but still officially part of the Bavarian jurisdiction. Of course Germany was the first country to introduce mandatory health insurance under Chancellor Bismarck. So in 1913, a German doctor's group, operating in southwest Bavaria came together for one of their regular conferences, a procedure similar to today's summits. It was at this conference that it first became apparent that there was a gonorrhea epidemic. The world, even places not far from one another, was obviously not nearly as connected as it is these days. Now we see why I mentioned the health insurance part. Even though there was no effective medicine against Tripper yet, women (and a few men it's said) would visit physicians all over the area to at least identify what causes them physical malaise. They were insured after all, so there was no big reason to avoid doctors to seek medical treatment...Well that's wrong actually, because in this conservative and rural German area, women with venereal diseases would be judged by doctors. All this is sparsely documented to this day, but it is believed that one day, a 35-year-old woman went to see a close friend of hers, who had studied medicine at the Universität Bayreuth in Franconia, which is the northern part of the state of Bavaria. He examined her and was sure that she was plagued by gonorrhea. The exciting part was that while he still held contact to befriended doctors, he was actually with the Bavarian criminal police at that point. He had switched lanes years before. He was now able to connect the dots of two middle-aged women who had been found dead in a swamp just outside the eastern border of Günzburg. A coroner's report had mentioned that both women had suffered from gonorrhea for weeks or even months. The police officer instructed his colleagues to interrogate local doctors concerning patients with gonorrhea. A few doctors confirmed having had patients with a corresponding disease. However all of those patients had sworn the doctors to secrecy, which was undermined by the police force back then. The Bavarian law clearly stated that physicians had to cooperate with the state authorities in a case where urgency preceeded non-disclosure obligations. Three doctors disclosed to the police detectives that they had had female patients with gonorrhea and clear telltale signs of having been raped. When another female corpse had been found in her house in August 1913, the police was approached by an eyewitness. A neighbour from across the street. That person was male and claimed to have witnessed the gruesome murder of his neighbour. He described the suspect who he had seen walking out of the house. The witness said it was around 2:30 a.m. and that he could only see a trenchcoat, a dark hat and dark shoes. Obviously that wasn't much for the police to work with. Then, it must have been September 1913, a doctor called the police about a man who came into his office with fever and other typical symptoms of a bacterial infect. The patient insisted on having no idea what's up with him and how he might have been infected. The doctor didn't believe him, but he showed compassion as he suspected that the patient was either a rape victim or had consensual gay sex and didn't dare to admit to that in such a conservative environment. The doctor did however inform the authorities about that patient and described his looks and clothes. Now, a trenchcoat, hat and dark shoes were things worn by lots of gents back then, but the police still got the patient's address and visited his house in the city centre of Günzburg. They found him in his bathtub, bled to death. They also found a letter on his dinner table which was a clear admission of guilt regarding multiple murders and rapes in the area of southwestern Bavaria. To this day it is debated why Jacob Der Tripper finally 'gave up', went to a doctor's place and finally killed himself. It's even debated whether he actually killed himself or if the true culprit was responsible for his death and putting up wrong traces. I'm into mysterious criminal cases and this one, while lesser-known, has always intrigued me."""
What are your most hated Reddit clichés?|"""part of xyz group, can confirm"""
What's something that quite a lot of people don't know that you find baffling that they don't know?|Lefty loosy righty tighty.
"What ""universal truth"" do you not agree with?"|Gravity
What's the best advice for people in long distance relationships?|Use Skype or Camfrog or some other cam chat program - it's important to be able to see and hear each other instead of just talking over an instant messenger or texts.  My husband and I did this for years before he was able to move cross country to be with me.
What kind of technological advances should we expect in the coming years?|I think self-driving cars for the masses will become a thing sooner rather than later.
What piece of modern technology makes you feel old?|Snapchat. and I'm only 30
How would someone eat a Cadburys creme egg without getting chocolate all over their fingers?|Eat the wrapper too
"Why do the brits call sports ""sport""? Do they not know there's more than one?"|"Yet they call math ""maths""..."
"What do you think about ""bleisure"", or the combination of business and leisure travel?"|Sounds like an excuse not to do any work.
"How do vegans feel about ""necessary"" animal products such as cat food or blood agar used in medical microbiology?"|Let's be honest, Vegans don't feel anything. They're lacking too many nutrients.
what's something that doesn't bother you but others go crazy over it?|A crying baby.
If you could eat anything in the world right now what would it be?|Ham burger.
What's a conspiracy theory that you can make up, but sounds convincing?|the government is training us to defeat one another rather then them the root problem.
Do you care about the amount of people at your funeral? If so, how do you imagine it?|I dont care one way or another
What is a great value product thats actually better than the name brand product?|Harbor freight deadblow hammers.
What did your doctor ignore or dismiss?|I tried going to my normal doctor when I found something growing inside my nose. My doctor was out of the office and had another doctor filling in for him. I told her there was some kind of growth in my nose. She told me it was allergies. I said, no, I know what allergies are like. This is a growth I can actually feel. I had to beg her to take a look. She rolled her eyes and looked with some kind of nose-o-scope and said she didn't see anything and tried to give me a prescription for allergies. I asked her to give me a referral to a specialist and she reluctantly gave me one. So I go to an ENT. I tell him what happened with the doctor and he looks up my nose. He's clearly kind of angry but is trying to be professional and not talk shit, but says that I have a growth in my sinuses that is so large it is visible in both nostrils without instruments. He sends me to get scans and whatnot and it turns out to be a tumor inside my sinuses that is growing out of my skull and is slowly eating away at it. If I don't get it removed it will eat through my skull and kill me. I got it removed and it's a happy ending, but it makes me angry to think of how things might have gone if I'd listened to that doctor.
What is equivalent of a customer coming to sit down and eat in a restaurant right before closing in your field of work?|Delivering the app/feature they wanted only to have them want it changed near the deadline.
When you haven't had sex in a while it's called a dry spell. What's the opposite of a dry spell called? When you're getting laid often with one or more sexual partners?|Monsoon season. Wet, warm, and noisy.
What is something that you wish existed that would make your life so much better?|Woman that would come to my home to bath me as im too lazy when i wake up
If you had to divide people into three groups, what would those groups be?|People I know People I don't know People I wish I didn't know
What are some signs that your SO is a robot?|Do you have a crush on Sophia?
What can you do with your foot?|walk
You have to beat everyone in a 10 foot radius in a one on one fight, what's your strategy?|Easy fight because nobody. I win flawless victory or whatever.
What is the nicest thing a person has ever done to/for you?|I got a $100 donation one time, it was amazing!!
How many of us are in debt due to medical bills?|Many many people. I had decent insurance when my son was born, yet still owed $10,000 after everything was said and done.
What do you do for a living?|I sell antique reproduction furniture.
9-5 office workers of Reddit, what mundane drama went down in your office today?|The nut allergy bitch is fighting with the gluten free twat again and Gary in accounting wore too much High Karate cologne again. The boss says we have to work thru lunch again because he needs his power point presentation for a 2 o'clock meeting that nobody's going to attend.
What is the most cringeworthy experience you have ever had?|At the local mall, there is a man who works in the food court that I believe has autism/is on the spectrum. Really nice guy, but he kinda creeps me out lol. *Every single time* I go to eat at the food court, which is not often at all, he finds me and talks to me the whole time I'm eating. Doesn't matter if I'm busy or talking to friends, he just stays there. I like keeping him company for a while, but he overstays his welcome and things get cringeworthy lol.
What makes you gay so hard?|Beautiful women
What was the first smartphone game you became completely addicted to?|Snake!
Has any of you experienced sleep paralysis? If so, how do you start it, what does it feel like and what did you saw?|"I've experienced it three times and it's generally really scary: 1. Had a nightmare, ""woke up"", experienced sleep paralysis, and was *terrified*. Felt like I couldn't move for hours and like there was a person in the room who wanted to kill me. I wanted to scream but I couldn't even open my mouth. 2. Dreamt I was on an empty bus and all of a sudden I started hearing some kind of crashing/smashing/chaotic noise (like cymbals and things being dropped, etc.) that increased in volume until I thought my eardrums were going to rupture. Really wanted to cover my ears with my hands but I was unable to move. Had to wait until the auditory hallucination and sleep paralysis passed, which was scary and felt painful. 3. Woke up with sleep paralysis in the middle of the night and felt scared while hallucinating colourful flashes."
You casually eat the object to the right of you. What is it and what are your thoughts?|A large metal door.  “Oh shit.”
Couples who sit on the same side of the booth/ table, why?|I'm getting an hj under the table.
What will never be hot?|Mans
What's your happiest childhood memory?|I got locked out of the house once and I was about 9-10.   Parents were gone and I was just by myself.     The weather was perfect.   A dog came up and visited for a bit and I got a drink out of the hose.     Just sat on the swing on the front porch and I was just in charge of myself.     I’m not sure why but it was just the best feeling not being told what to do or where to go.   For a few hours I just rolled around outside with just me in charge.  Just total contentment.
What’s your “fake it until you make it” success story?|Getting a college degree while spending more time getting drunk
When and why did your parents get really mad at you?|I was a fearless child. They caught me hanging from the 4th floor window
Married people of Reddit/folks in long term committed relationships. How long have you been together, and big of a deal is Valentine’s day to you and your spouse / SO?|We have been married 43 years and Valentine's day is just another day, since we celebrate it every day. We are each other's best friend and companion all of the time.
How much your relationship with parents has changed, being a child to an adult now?|Not much. Weren't close growing up and aren't close now.
How many of you have never seen or had snow?|me! i'm 25 but i just wanna make snow angles before i die!
Ghosts of Reddit, how did you die?|Suicide.
Accounting or Finance degree? Which is the best and has the most prospects?|Accounting. Finance isn’t a bad choice but you only really make a lot of money if you graduate from a top school.
What song has been subconsciously stuck in your head for as long as you can remember?|Fade to black Metallica
What is the greatest display of kindness you have ever received from a stranger?|Money.
What are some of the most gruesome injuries that people have survived?|Falling off a huge cliff onto rocks believe it or not
What is something you do that annoys everyone but you dont even realize you do it half the time?|Mine is giving advice to people who arent necessarily asking for it just out of habit
People who come up with original AskReddit threads, how do you do it?|Take ideas from buzzfeed?
Which actor's/musician's/artist's death made you particularly sad? And if you could bring back to life one of those, who would it be?|Cliff Burton All hail the best bassist of all time
What's the weirdest talent you have and how dit you find out about it?|I found out I’m pretty proficient in disappointing my peers
What songs need to be at full volume every time they’re played?|All of them, if you want to hear them.
What doomsday preparation are you doing in secret?|Wouldn't be a secret anymore
Reddit, what was the most innocently dumb question that you have ever heard?|"A girl in my high school asked a teacher if ""Afghanistan was in Australia."" When questioned how she didn't know Afghanistan was its own country going through a war and people were dying she replied with, ""I always thought it was training for the Australian Army in the outback."""
Are American food portions really as large as they're portrayed in media and tv shows such as 'Man vs Food'?|No, those are eating challenges, which exist all over the planet.
People who got into shape after not being in shape all your life, how did you start?|Diet, diet, diet, then work in some exercise. Not the exercise they tell you to do, but one that works for you and you can stick to. After you work out, take it as a bonus, don't go and reward yourself.  I use CICO
What's something fun a girl can do with a guy on a date at his house? Besides sex?|Pepper is that you again?
Are you still hurt by your ex? How long has it been since you broke up?|Yes, 6 years.
What are your favorite combination of idioms?|The Three Stooges
People who have had radical views in the past what caused you to change your beliefs?|Moving out of my home town (read: realizing that the rest of the world was nothing like my home town).
"What the most ""fat kid"" moment of your adult life?"|"My friend took pictures of me right after my engagement, then showed them to me a few days later.  I was like ""looks great, can you photoshop me so I don't have such a big double chin?""  His answer---  ""I already did....."""
What is the quickest way to trigger Seattle residents?|Coffee? No thanks I prefer tea.
What would you like to ask a girl ?|Are you girl or grill? Cause I only want one, not the other.
People with a strange, uncommon or unusual fetish, what is it and how do you think it started?|Inflation/breast expansion. Think it came about from growing up watching Willy wonka with the blueberry scene
Evil people of reddit, how do you feel when you see bad guys in movies do something you do?|Bad guys in movies are actually logical guys.
Do you remember when you first farted in front of your SO?|Pepperidge farm remembers
Music lovers of Reddit, who are your favorite granny nominated musicians that didn't win?|Honestly probably my grandma. She’s the best granny and I would nominate her every year if I could. She didn’t win this year at the Granny’s for some reason. I wish she would have but people are dumb and don’t know good grandmas when they see them.
What do you wish your parents taught you as a kid?|How to ride a bike and how to swim because as an adult, I can't do either, and I'm also too afraid to try.
What do you wish your doctor would ask you?|How's your foot?
Why are the directions of convection currents in the mantle different?|/r/askscience
Touching your tattoo give you an ability related to what that tattoo is. What's your acquired tattoo ability?|What the...
Why do DACA members matter more to Democrats than Americans. Do Americans not matter anymore?|One of the workers in my company's factory told me about his brother's rush to get his undocumented wife's citizenship approved....she is currently covered by DACA...  ...he said his brother has already spent thousands of dollars in lawyer fees to help them wade through the expansive layers of bureaucracy and red tape...in addition, they have also paid thousands of dollars in fees to various government agencies to keep her status current during the prolonged process...  ....now, can you guess which party's politicians get huge donations from lawyer lobbies? can you guess which thrives on a base of bureaucrats making six-figure salaries that depend on regulatory fees?
Who hatesthe new sc update?|i hate snapchat?
What is the best artificial flavor?|Blue raspberry candy
What was your worst acid trip?|On Shattuck Avenue due west and downhill of the university campus is a man who gives himself away. He sits on the sidewalk against a building and offers pieces of himself to passersby. I have seen him give away the second smallest toe on his left foot. I have seen him give away his right earlobe. Both times he took out a knife and sliced them off and there was no blood nor sign of any discomfort on his face and the man and woman to whom he gave those gifts held them with the greatest reverence, as if they were the holy relics of some prophet or saint. Today when I walked by him he told me it was a special day. He had finished off his toes. Ten toes to ten people. May my toes bring them happiness, he said.  The next day I watched as he gave away his left foot to an old lady. He unscrewed it like a child’s toy. He handed it to her and she put it in her oversized purse and did not say a word as she walked off and I imagined her later trying to find its worth online. She’d ask herself if the foot of an old homeless man was an antique. She wouldn’t know but she’d figure it would appreciate in value, so she’d keep it in a locked drawer in her bedroom and she’d call her lawyer and add it to her will, bequeath it to her favorite granddaughter. I asked the man if maybe he shouldn’t be more discerning in whom he gave himself to. But he said I felt like she could use my left foot so I gave it to her. I’ve lived by my feelings and I’ll give myself away just the same. I sat down next to the man and we watched people walk by and one young man stopped and the man asked him to put his hands out and he did and he placed his hands on the younger man’s hands and they were almost the same size. I have a gift for you, said the man. And he took his knife out from his pocket and he skinned his own hands and he gave them to the younger man as gloves. Try them on, said the man.  And the younger man tried them on. They fit perfectly.  Thank you, he said.  May the skin of my hands bring you joy, said the man. I walked by him a few days later and saw he was without legs or arms. He was in a wheelchair and he wore no shirt and I saw he was missing large patches of skin on his face and chest and his nipples were gone. He had no nose and he had yet one eye and I noticed for the first time how bright and blue it was. He asked if I might wheel him to Alta Bates and I did so and it was a long way and when I finally pushed him into the hospital he said Take my eye, so I plucked out his eye and he said Use it well and I said I will and I pushed him up to a desk and the woman behind it said How can I help you?  I’m giving myself away, said the man. Oh, she said, and she picked up the phone and dialed and said, He’s here.  A minute later a woman in light blue scrubs came out and looked at me and saw I was holding his eye and said Thank you for bringing him and then she wheeled him into the interior of the hospital and I never saw him again.
Why did the Nazis go after citizens money?|because free money?
What's your favourite understated joke in a film or show?|Mine is in IASIP in the Dee gets pregnant episode where they are all remembering the Halloween night, and D is just slowly turning into an Ostritch as each recollection comes
What’s the biggest decision you’ve had to make on the spot, without any time to think about it properly first?|Wether or not I was going to lose my virginity to a bet or lose face in front of my 'friends'.
Seriously - how late is too late to reply to a text message/IM/etc before it's hurting feelings?|One time I ignored the president's text
"What screams ""I'm looking for Waldo""?"|If the person is looking at a where's Waldo book.
People who talk about their personal life constantly at work, do you really think everyone cares? Do you ever notice you're the only one doing it?|OMG EVERYONE at my job talks about their personal life except me. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.
What’s a sentence that you’ve said recently that would be complete gibberish to someone 30 years ago?|I haven't logged into Facebook for 2 months, I need to stop staring at my phone all day.
How hard is Spanish for Korean to learn?|Learn Latin first, then you'll learn French/Spanish/Italian effortlessly.
Ladies of Reddit: What do you actually want us to do on Valentine's Day?|Gifts are nice but a romantic couples experience is the best thing in my opinion. going out for dinner is a bit cliche but you could cook a really nice meal, maybe a bunch of flowers, give her a massage, or whatever you like to do together. Your time is the most valuable gift of them all.
Reddit, what are some musics tracks that you really enjoy that never made it into the mainstream?|"Spoon has songs that make you shake your head and think, ""how the fuck wasn't this a hit?"" They have consistently been one of the best bands but continually been overlooked."
Are you that guy that makes everything political, why?|Not anymore
What should people do when buying a house that they probably don't know about?|check zoning laws
How are you doing lately?|"Bored 
I get that there's shit out there to do but I just have no interest in any of it.  
I should find a better job but that's boring. I should cook at home but that's boring. I could go hiking, play some pc games or binge watch a show but that's boring."
What is happening with the fiscal conservatives? How are they going to pay for this budget?|Who are the fiscal conservatives?  they have all left the government and the idiots that are the current iteration of the GOP took over and they couldn't spell conservative if you gave them a ten letter start...
If you could be a character from any video game, which game, who and why?|I'd be the Dragonborn in Skyrim. I love everything about the game, especially the scenery and cities. And the character is the ultimate badass!
Since the Tide pod fiasco. What are warnings that companies will have to write on their products?|"""Swallowing this product will result in poisoning and possibly death"""
If you could have anything in the world for free,and an unlimited amount,what would it be?|Money
Why are you NEVER wrong?|I usually know what I’m talking about if I’m talking about it.
What are gonna be some fringe theories in the future?|Round earth
What Kind of Music calms you throughout the day?|So i put my hands up, they're playing my song, the butterflies fly away
How do you know if a random number generator is truly random?|I've been told by more than one mathematician that random number generators are not random and cannot be random; they only approximate randomness with varying degrees of success.
"Britizens of Reddit, how do you use the word ""sir"" in your country?"|I would use it to address some of importance who I don't know it's used by most children to address a man like a teacher and other than that I would say it's only other use is to those who have a knighthood (this is my personal use not all round P. S. I am from Manchester so not the place you will find the most well spoken of folks))
Why do we scream when we are in pain?|"If we are in extreme pain screaming helps your friends to notify about it. If you are under attack it shocks/scares the attacker.
It's a primal instinct."
What childhood cartoon you'd love to see again?|i never get tired of sailor moon for some reason, it helps me calm down.
A movie to be made based on your life. What'd be its title ?|And Nothing of Particular Interest Happened.
What's the best advice you can give on asking someone out?|Don’t get your hopes up
You wake up in 1870. What job are you qualified to do?|be the Moby Dick critic that finally gave the story it's due.
Did anyone ever successfully get in the vent on the *other side* of the toilet in the facility level on Goldeneye? What did you find, did it live up to expectations?|Did it a few times when doing multiplayer.  It would have been an awesome camping spot in case they went for body armor, but screen cheating.
What would someone who's never had an office job never understand?|Open seating etiquette: no finger or foot tapping...
Redditors who have had encounters with organized crime, what was it like?|Wanna know? This information is not free.......!
In honor of National Pizza Day - what was the best slice of pizza you have ever eaten?|This slice of pizza. Stuffed crust, garlic parmesan sauce, pork and chicken.
Who's someone famous you'd bring back from the dead if you could?|Carl Sagan. So he could see the progress we've made.
If you could mix two fast food meals together, what would you mix for the ultimate meal?|Ice cream and french fries
What everyday technology would you like to see improved?|Sex robots
People who worked in the fast food industry, whats the worst thing about it ?|the lower the price, the shittier the customers as i always say
As a retail worker, what was your worst customer experience?|"Getting spit on because I like HP.  
Great day!"
What's your best argument against God's existence?|God can not be proven or disproved.
Gamers of reddit, what was your most rage inducing moment ?|Lag will always be rage inducing
What’s the meanest thing you’ve said to someone?|Kid annoyed me every day in class. when I got fed up I just said ‘read my face dude does it look like I’m interested in what your saying u socially awkward fuck stop showing me pics of your shrek ass girlfriend and leave me alone’
What do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning?|Put him in bed with the captain's daughter.
Where do you usually clip your fingernails?|I would say in the basement where I build my fingernail city
What is the most horrifying true story that you know about?|***Probably everything on r/nomorals***
What is the most obscure way you can describe someone famous?|"Like for example ""Tom Brady is that guy who was drafted by the Expos"" or ""Morgan Freeman is that guy from Dolphin Tale"" etc."
What’s the worst and best thing about being female?|The worst is when your emotions are invalidated by the assumption that your period is causing you anger every fucking time something pisses you off. The best is the low achievement bar that has been set for me. My male relatives are expected to get a job, and support a family. As long as I settle down, get married, and pop a kid out in that order I'm a success in the eyes of my parents and grandparents.
Tattoo artists of reddit, what's the worst thing a customer has ever requested?|Not a tattoo artist but I saw a couple get tattoos of eachother’s faces on their backs.
Time-travellers of Reddit, what other major events should the rest of us expect before the year is over?|I can't say much, THEY won't let me, but I can say this: Jizz. Be ready for jizz. Just, so, so much of it. There's gonna be jizz fuckin' EVERYWHERE.
In what environment do you NOT want someone to propose to you?|Real life, marriage just ain't for me tbh.
What surprisingly plausible sentence has probably never been typed until this thread?|The cheese on the rat trap isn't actually cheese, it is artificial.
People who got to study/work on their dream carrier but lost their love for it, what happened?|I got tired of the lack of stability. A career where you relocate every 3 months and live out of a suitcase is great, but after 6 years. it’s exhausting. Trying to find a place to live, switching insurances, packing and unpacking.
At what point did you realize that you bullying someone had gone too far?|When they bring a gun to school.
What was the worst bet you’ve ever lost?|Game of poker. 1st hand I get pocket Aces and eventually go all in and get called. Opponent had pocket Kings and got his 3rd on the river. And I was done.
What do you think your spouse or significant other values you most and least about you?|Most is probably my stability and support. Least is definitely my proclivity towards terrible puns.
If you live by yourself, how do you know whether or not you sleepwalk?|I sleep with a weighted blanket, don't think I could move it off of myself without waking up
What are you thinking about when you can't sleep?|"- Lottery win
- Zombie escape plan
- Superpowers (varied)"
Why are you going to hell?|Atheism, premarital sex, gluttony, don't honour my parents, lazy af, don't keep the sabbath
What's the best gift to send to a SO on Valentine time day?|I wouldn’t send so much as give while you’re together, but a d*ck in a box. It’s in a box or whatever.
What would you name your boat if you had one?|Boaty McBoatface
Have you ever stolen something? What was it?|I stole a Bionicle set from target when I was like 6.
You have resurrected Walt Disney, and get to show him 5 Disney movies made since his death (not just Disney-owned, like Marvel movies, but actual Disney probably animated features). What do you show him and why?|"The movie Frozen.  ""Disney is now so powerful that in an attempt to hide the rumor of your frozen body's burial in Orlando, they made hundreds of millions of dollars."""
What are your thoughts on a woman welding while pregnant?|It's fine just wear your proper ppe.
What do fish think life is like beyond the fish bowl?|pretty dry
What was the last movie you were disappointed in?|Justice League.
How can you overcome negativity without deluding yourself?|think and focus on the good points of your shelf and your life and don't focus on stuff u can't change
People who don't like Elon Musk... why?|I don’t like his recent comments and attempts to stop his employees from unionizing
Which subreddit do you hate the most?|r/gendercritical  A bunch of angry trans-hating radical feminists who've delved into tearing other people apart rather than building people up.
New man satchel - gentlemen (and ladies), what are some things that men should carry at all times in their satchels?|Their dignity.
"What is the ""stubbing your toe"" of things not physical?"|Calling your teacher mom
What is the best Vegan food for a non vegan?|"Tough to say, but the stiff I usually like the best is meals that don't push ""substitutes"" super heavy. Like it's ok to make pasta that doesn't taste like it's supposed to have meat in it, it never tastes like meat anyway."
Which Askreddit questions do you dislike the most, and why?|"""How did you lose your virginity?"" just because I see it multiple times in New every single day."
What is your very first memory?|Being bathed in a bathtub with my little brother, and some little tub toy that we had where you could dump water on a wheel to spin it or press a button to make it squirt water out the top of it.
What's one tourist trap everyone should avoid?|Mr. Slausen's. He's just creepy
What is a food you hate for a reason other than the taste? Why?|I really hate the texture of ham. Like a honey glazed ham. It tastes good, sweet and salty and delicious. But that rubbery, chewyness is just no fun.
Elon Musk put a car in space. What other weird stuff do you want to see sent to space?|Trump.
What is the most disturbing book you have ever read?|the Bible
What was the most unexpected thing that got you laid?|Showing up
What’s the boldest thing someone has done right in front of you?|Eaten Doritos!
What are some of your tips for remaining calm and collected when people slight you?|It was a manifestation of some kind of personal turmoil going on inside of them. Its not about you. They deserve pity
When are things different for different genders?|when women work less but dont get paid the same. whats that about!?
How odd is to get married with the first girlfriend you ever had?|Very odd. Like, “there are millions of other women on the planet that each bring something unique to the table. But, since you happen to be here with me in homeroom, I think I’m all set for the next 60 years.”
What do you miss about living alone?|I miss the freedom of doing what I want and who I want.
What have you been dying to tell anonymous strangers on the internet?|Pee is stored in the balls.
What is your favorite TV show?|Always Sunny
What’s some of the worst experiences you had at a middle school or high school Bathroom?|Stomach hurt really bad. Had the Hershey squirts and discovered there was no tp in my stall.
The last thing you googled is now the title of a new film. What is the plot?|I googled samsung event The plot is something like the mission impossible movies, I can't think of any specifics I'm not a screenwriter
Redditors bored at work, if you could turn into any animal and cause havoc at your job today, what would you become and why?|An anime Cat Girl.  I dont think I need to explain
What are some movies you need to see more than once to truly appreciate?|Shawshank Redemption. At first i wasn't overly impressed with it but the more I've seen it the more i appreciate the story telling.
Whats the best way to get over someone after a breakup?|Time
Why do most religious and conservative people tend to resist a solution for global warming?|"They don't. A small minority do. Just like a small minority of liberals scream **""Nazi, Nazi, LALALALALAL""** anytime the hear an opinion that doesn't resonate with their own."
What fast food chain have you given up on, and why?|Burger King. I just don't like their food anymore.
How would the world change if super heroes and super villains actually existed?|Life expectancy would be 2
What otherwise good scene in a movie was ruined by a terrible soundtrack?|Every scene in the toby Maguire great Gatsby where they had the stupid rap/pop rather than music from the decade.
What makes you really angry?|Being told I don't understand something when I clearly do.
How do you deal with toxic friends who have been in your life for 15 years?|I let my walk-in freezer deal with them.
What’s not exspensive and should be done before you die?|World peace
Reddit, what are you mad about today?|how my life turned out
What is the craziest thing a teacher has done to you or your classmates?|My wood shop teacher in Middle School put some bitch in a chokehold. While she did deserve it because she’s a raging cunt, the teacher never came back.
If it's really hard to be a good theif then why aren't they respected?|"The good ones are never caught, you can't ""respect"" something you don't know about."
You can run 5 gigametres an hour. What are your thoughts?|"""Holy shit, I'm spontaneously combusting!  AAAAAAUGHHHH!!!!!"""
Reddit, what should Elon Musk put into space next?|Florida
People who have gone bankrupt- Is it hard to recover? How are you doing now?|I ended up okay.  On my next spin, I hit $5,000 and there were four R's in the puzzle.
Cable subscribers, why do you still have cable?|My parents like having the local channels.
How can one stop focusing on the negative when it is stronger than the positive?|move on with your life.
What is the worst unintentional insult you have ever heard?|"Once I was just checking out the pizza boxes that were kept on the kitchen counter. My mum asked me what I was doing as I had just had lunch. I said I was just looking and she replied,""Just by looking at food, you got fat"""
Shows like General Hospital, ER, Scrubs & Grey's Anatomy, glamorize medical careers by implying everyone is having sex with their co-workers; is that a truth to the industry at all?|People are likely to fuck the people the spend the most time around, I don’t it’s as rampant as TV shows make it seem but it definitely happens.
In honor of national pizza day, what's the worst slice of pizza you've ever had?|My high schools pizza is inedible. It’s bread and cheese, how could you possibly fuck that up?
What would you do if nothing in this universe was calculated the right way?|Could very well be the case already. So nothing.
Paris is famious for what?|Whenever someone conquers France, they like to march through the Arc de Triomphe.
What’s worse than tripping over a charger breaking your laptop?|Dying from lag :(
What song, without fail, instantly gives you the feels?|Buy U a Drank
When is the Day of love observed?|What kinda question is that?
Choose any Winter Olympic sport and change one letter to create a new sport. What's the name and description of your new sport?|Ski Humping. It's a team event. They must travel down the hill in a timed event with penetration required for the duration. Time penalties will be added for periods of non penetration.
Who’s that one colleague of yours that deserves a massive pay raise?|Not in my current employment but I formerly worked as a packager for a small brewery. We worked 12 hour shifts that alternated biweekly 5am- 5pm and 5pm-5am. I worked there for over a year and the whole team was payed 10 an hour.
To people who turned their hobby into a career, how did your love for the hobby change?|It didn't change, to be honest. I was able to take the things I learned in school and the experience I gained on the job and apply them to my hobby, and perform that much better at it.
What do you want ,but you will never get , but you try to get it anyway?|A supermodel in bed with me
Those of you who visited Egypt, what was your experience there?|I'm from there. Anything in particular you want to know?
What’s the one thing you didn’t take a picture of or video tape that you’d love to be able to record?|A Maynard James Keenan concert
What are you doing today to be a better person?|I ended my horse riding lesson early so that my sister could have a few minutes of a riding lesson. She lived it. Sucked, but loved it
Why does every commercial that introduces new tech, play child-like music with xylophones , banjos, and rugrats style composition?|Because they treat their user base as children who don't understand anything. Apple in a nutshell.
What would be the best way to mess with a literally blind racist?|Watch the Dave Chappell skit or whatever.
What was your worst experience being in a bathroom?|Probably When I was a kid my dad started a fire in the school library then shot my teacher in the leg and then my teacher killed my dad, who was a bad man. My dad died in the bathroom or whatever.
What do you think is underrated?|I think Bambi is underrated, her mother dies right in front of you. Should have been rated PG.
What are charities that really matter?|The public trust.
Who are your favorite and least favorite US presidents?|*gets popcorn and waits patiently*
Will any of the footage from the olympics be shown in North Korea?|After heavy editing to show them winning everything.
Who's the most incompatible person you ever fucked?|"She couldn't cum, and she wanted to get me drunk every time.  ""I really like you, and I don't need to be drunk to fuck."" It was like turning the lights out for her.  Hot redhead though."
What happened when you stuck it in or got stuck by crazy?|I ended up getting married in a propane shop.
What app on your phone do you wish you used more?|Contacts. Talking with people is probably the thing I do least on my phone.
What is best ways to pass time?|talking to strangers online
What non typical thing do you always leave the house with?|A joint
"What is going to be the next ""Big Thing""?"|(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What are some more obscure Olympic events, both summer and winter, that don't receive much coverage in the United States?|Not sure if they do anymore, but I know that during the peak of Sean White’s career they skipped a lot of skiing events in favor of airing snowboarding stuff.
You have to drink 40 lbs of whatever you drank last, how do you fair?|Water. Hydrated af
"Redditors who don't leave home with ""it"", what is ""it""?"|Mi pistola
What's something people used to laugh at you about, but it turned out you were right?|Trump being a great president
What are Democrats even going to run on in 2020? Like more illegal aliens, open borders and having U.S factories built in Mexico and China?|Same troll trolling.
What things do you usually try to avoid?|loud people.
What is a completely random fact about you?|"I'm between 5'2"" and 6'7"""
People in US states where pot is legal: What happened to that guy that used to sell pot?|He still sells pot.
What assumptions could be made about you based solely on the pair of underwear you have on today?|I'm dark?
Men of Reddit. When using a urinal do you piss into the water so it makes noise, or onto the sides so it's quiet?|On the side. I don't like drawing unnecessary attention.
What kind of car does your least favorite coworker drive?|A Mustang with fake hood pins and bald tires.
What topic do you think you could destroy anyone in an argument on?|Assuming this is face to face and not over the Internet: Libertarianism. In my state there's a large population of people who think they're libertarian but they're separatist, so I get a lot of softballs to hit. Online is a whole nother monster of ego and heels get dug.
What is your best bad joke?|What did one statue say to the other statue? Is statue?
What's the strangest thing reddit normalises?|Upvoting your own comments
What is the ultimate boner-killer?|Ramsay Bolton.
What is the female version of a neck beard ?|"The closest equivalent I can think of is a ""Tumblrina""."
What did someone do that made you think they were really smart?|Talked to me about what they were passionate about
What is way funner than you thought it would be?|This thread, I'm confident some of you guys have some amusing stories.
How old were you when you first looked at porn?|49
Dear community of reddit, what are your hobbies?|I'm learning to play guitar currently but have my sights on learning to cook and rock climbing as well. Any one else?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?|Jobbernawl. And mostly because its the online name ive been using for about 13 years.
Has anyone ever faked their way into a job? If so, how did it go?|Really good, im making 300$ an hour by pretending to be a gay prostitute.
People of Reddit, what’s the best piece of advice you’ve got for life?|Don't climb a fence that's leaning towards you, don't try to kiss someone who leans away from you, and you can't help people who don't want to help themselves.
Your favorite film is now a gay porno, what is the new title?|The Shawshank penetration.
What are the spiritual or paranormal stuff you genuinely believe?|I believe in a thing called love
You are offered the opportunity to relocate to any country on earth, but cannot conduct research before answering. You will live as a middle class citizen of your new home nation. Which country do you pick and why?|Norway for sure. Arguably the highest standard of living on the planet.
Managers / Team Leaders of reddit, what do you think about a relatively new employee asking for honest feedback; does it make you uncomfortable or are you happy to provide, and how honest are you?|I like when employees ask for feedback, because as a lead I have to give feedback anyway - it's part of my job - and unsolicited feedback is really uncomfortable. I'm always honest with feedback, but try to skew positive.  Even the people I really hate, I try to talk about their strengths more than their weaknesses.
What movie are you surprised they haven't remade yet?|Back to the Future
What recent events in your opinion will become google doodles in the future?|Obviously elon musk's space roadster is one
Who is the most cringe inducing person you have ever encountered?|There are Canadians who fly the confederate flag.
What's a good meal to cook on a date together?|Toast bread. You put one slice in the toaster, and your partner can put the other slice in, and then you can press it down together :)
If you had to be an animal, what kind of animal would you be and why?|Golden Retriever. Odds are, your life is chill as hell.
If Elon Musk's car crashes back to earth and hits another car, how would car insurance handle the situation?|I'm sure the vehicle was no longer legal property of his before it was launched, just in case the launch had failed and it ended up as debris.
What’s the meaning of success to you?|enjoying your job, making decent to good money & still being able to enjoy life as well.
Redditors who browse reddit at work, what's your job?|i handle the website side here
What’s the dumbest thing you ever put in your mouth?|My ex boyfriend
How much snow did you get last night?|About 4 inches.
What relatively expensive item genuinely improved your life after purchasing it?|A fleshlight
What are humans working on that will likely never come to fruition?|Living on Mars
What's the craziest thing you've seen happen in your neighborhood?|old man completely naked in front of the window :o
"What are some ""phobias"" that are actually perfectly rational?"|kinda freak out by the unknown i guess
Why aren't US coins sized , based on their value?|Because this is America and we do what we want.
What unconventional disciplinary method was successfully used with you growing up?|The word 'bored' was a swear word and we were banned from using it as kids. We quickly learned how to entertain ourselves without needing an adult to do it for us.
What have you done to make someone’s life better?|I said no to the abortion.
In what situations has mistrusting someone or something helped you?|"When i decided not to get in the van with the word ""rape"" written in dust."
What's a first name that you would NEVER give your child because of how badly you hate(d) someone with that name?|Abby/Abigail and Michelle
What scientific discovery if made today would win someone a Nobel Prize?|Ice nine
What's bugging you today?|That I was given a 9-5 window for people to come by my place and do work.
If existence is one big joke, then what is the punchline?|Death
What’s the best way to prevent or deter all of the stray cats in your neighborhood from entering your backyard, top of and under car etc?|A gun.
Has your boss or manager ever taken your side against a customer. What happened?|"Oh yeah, many times. People try and cheat grocery stores constantly, usually the same few mentally ill people each week. We just sigh and say ""sorry Erick, you can't return that empty bag of cat litter from the 80's, you know that."""
How many mistakes have you made that you hoped no one found out about but you forgot about before you had a chance to relish in the fact that you got away with the mistake?|A lot, but I've forgotten about them.
If life had a loading screen, what kind of advice would be displayed?|"""Save often! Life is a dangerous place."""
Reddit! If you grew up with strict parents, what's the weirdest rule you had to abide by?|"Not really a rule but the fact that some rules had no reasoning behind them. My parents couldn't justify why and used the excuse, ""Because you have to and because I said so."""
What was a moment in childhood you thought you never recover from but did?|FYI it can be serious, funny, or not recovered from at all as well.
What are some interesting slang terms native to where you’re from?|"Not sure how purely native some of these are, but to preface, I live in the Santa Clarita Valley, which is the far north (not Northeast, not talking about Palmdale) of Los Angeles County.  It's a big suburb, fairly boring, a little bit on the conservative side politically compared to the rest of the county. Sclaritan: Santa Clarita Valley resident.  Most cringe at this. The Stanch: Stevenson Ranch, a rich section of our valley, and everyone but people who live there refer to it as that.  People who live there use the full name. DGAF boy: refers to a member of a so-called gang of young (middle class) white kids in our valley, but 99.9% of them would run shrieking like a little girl if anyone ever said ""okay let's throw down"", all they do is petty vandalism and tagging.  The other 0.1% of them are in jail for assault, but probably on their girlfriend.  They are somewhat of an uncomfortable joke in our valley.  First that we have a gang, but secondly that it's an utterly pathetic gang.  In all seriousness, most of them probably grow out of it, some few of them focus on attaining a brodozer. Brodozer: giant jacked up pick-up trucks driven by shaved headed white mails with goaties and Oakley wrap-around sunglasses, blasting Arena Rock hits of the 2000's or later.  Their trucks are typically used to carry no more than a couple bags of groceries. Awesome Town: the Valencia part of our valley, it is said to make fun of it, not to promote it, because the city actually had the gall, at one point, to have that be their city ""motto""."
If you could go back in High School and tell yourself to prepare for one job, what job would it be?|Bitcoin miner, cash out when it hits 15k.
Zoo workers of Reddit what's the most interesting thing you've seen an animal do?|Not a Zookeeper, but at Bush Gardens I watched a gorilla pick his ass and then wipe it on another gorilla.
If you could have only 1 car/truck in the world for the rest of your life what would it be?|I would probably choose a Tesla Model S. I really like the all electric aspect of that vehicle, it's sexy af, and it's a luxury car that I would never be able to afford otherwise.
What do you have a rational (to you, of course) fear of? How has it affected (possibly effected) your life?|"Even when I'm perfectly relaxed I plan ""In case someone comes in here to kill me"" reaction strategies."
Only 997 days until the next presidential election. Never too early to pick a favorite. Who's yours?|I like Bonezor, the Necromancer.  Sure, he plans to strip the meat from our bones to create an army of the damned, but he's *honest*, and that *would* reduce unemployment to 0.
What is the worst argument that you've ever heard for a cause you support?|"I don't support the wars despite having fought in them.  I joined the military because I was poor and needed to escape a shitty situation/pay for college.  A staggering amount of people join the military for this exact reason and I hate it.  It's some Hunger Games shit.  I almost died twice overseas just because I wanted to go to college and escape abuse.  It's a vicious cycle that lots of perfectly good people get swept up into. Some stupid motherfucker posted something on Tumblr saying ""don't join the military death squads just to go to college!"" (that's not necessarily a choice when you're poor and your life is a dumpster fire, but the privileged piece of shit who wrote that wouldn't know).  Then he said ""there are other ways to go to college!  Wait until you're 24 to go to college so that your parents' income is no longer counted on your FAFSA!"" Excuse me?  So you want people to put their lives on hold for 6 fucking years?  People who have to join the military to go to school or escape abuse don't have the privilege to put their lives on hold for 6 years, you dumb fuck.  Ugh, god, I hate leftists."
What is your favorite bot on Reddit ?|The one which corrects people who say could/would of.
What is slowly becoming more common?|Apathy
People who have had a medical condition contribute to a car accident: what’s your story and are you still driving?|"I hurt my back badly 10 years ago when a bus didn’t realize that traffic had stopped and slammed into me. It turned my car into an accordion. Driving at first was so scary. Every time I was in traffic and it came to a stop, I would break out into a sweat and check my read view mirror to make sure no one was going to slam into me. Driving became very stressful but I had to continue so I could go to work. 
After about a year and moving away to a smaller city, my fear dissipated. I still break out into a sweat though when traffic comes to a stop really fast."
Your favorite Looney Toons character is now the lead singer of your favorite band. What do the lyrics look/sound like?|Ayyyy ya ya yayyyy Me gusta cheese
What great idea did you think you came up with, only to find out someone beat you to it?|"Twitter.  I called it ""Quoted""... planned for it to be a platform where people could leave their personal quotes or thoughts about the world with a comment section similar to Tumblr but in short form as to not encourage long windedness.  that section was named ""Noted"" I even half-coded the app...got lazy thinking ""ah this will never take off"". ...two years later... side note:  my friends still fuck with me about it.  whenever I have a bright idea about shit like what to do for the night it's ""you should put that on Quoted.  oh.  wait..."" I'm actually thinking of revamping it."
What do you think about the most?|Sex
What are convenient/affordable products that gets shit done properly?|Smartphones
How did your psycho Ex react when you broke up?|He stalked me at a friend's house where I was staying, smashed her Halloween pumpkins, cut himself with a razor on her porch, and wound up 5150'd for a few days, during which he called me 13 times and left threatening messages.
Redditors who have sold candy at school, what's your success/failure story?|"Sixth grade. I peddled red hot atomic fireballs and gobstoppers exclusively. Sold then 10¢ each or two for a quarter. (Learned a lot about human behavior from how many people picked the two fer ""deal""). Got caught a couple of times, nearly expelled before I learned how to slang on the dl."
What's a great way to ruin a bad day?|Smile
Why are you on Reddit?|I'm sitting at O'Hare waiting for a flight that may or may not be canceled
What's the worlds most popular Non Alcoholic Drink?|Water
Why can't programming languages get the void?|Oblivion can only fathomed by a human mind.
What random animal fact should everyone know?|Elephants can't jump.
If you ascended to godhood, what would be the first thing you would do to mess with people?|Well, that would depend on my powers.
You get to make an anime character. But you have to make it as cute as possible. What traits does this adorable blob of anime have?|Fox ears and a tail. Blue or white hair and she has the appearance of a 8-14 year old. Clumsy and an airhead
If humans were like cars, what would be your always-on warning light?|Dehydration probably
Would you love to Travel? if you get the chance then,Where you will move to the USA?|Oh great...!!! I like travelling..I must go to NEW York to see the statue of liberty....
What’s something you have to get off your chest?|r/offmychest
What happened to your Razor Scooter?|I still have mine
"What was the moment you knew your SO was the ""one""?"|The moment she left me :/ I miss her
What would you like to have a shield against?|Poverty.
What do you do with a misbehaving 4 month old Pomeranian puppy?|You spend the incredible amount of time and patience it takes to train a dog. There might be puppy training classes in your area where you can get a professional trainer to give you help and advice, but ultimately **you** need to put in the work.
What is your story of acting like you belonged and it worked?|I was at a bar on my campus one time completely sober. All the students at the bar were plastered and I realized that I could act like a total moron and use the excuse of being drunk to excuse any dumb things I might’ve done. It’s scary to think how much people are willing to excuse things simply because ‘I’m drunk’.
What is the best car for street stock racing on Asphalt?|Someone else's.
Askreddit, What is some of the best free software?|Notavirus.exe
"What's your strange paranoia that you know is silly yet still think, ""But, what if it's true?"""|Everyone secretly hates me and I can't do anything right
"Married redditors, what is ""your song""?"|You have made me so happy - Blood Sweat and Tears!  Love it!!
What jazz do you like?|I like the kind of jazz that goes well with rainy settings, not too heavy on the sax or piano. Sometimes it's good to just chill out instead of have a jazz party
Scuba Divers of Reddit, What's the craziest event that you have experienced thus far?|My uncle swears he's seen MULTIPLE volkswagon sized catfish at Toledo Bend Dam in Louisiana (No we don't live there)
What is your quietest act of rebellion?|I ignore the wavy red line when I don't spell words like 'colour' or 'organise' the American English way.
What is thw best movie of 2017?|Blade Runner 2049 was my favourite movie of 2017, not sure what I would call the best though.
Why did they kill David Koresh?|Because he was in possession of illegal firearms and explosives
Why are agnostic people bullied?|They're not
What is your irrational fear?|Lemon curry
What job interview question really threw you off or made you think what does that have to do with the job? How did you answer?|Soooo, tell me about yourself? Does it every f'ing time.
how can we people make both FB and Reddit cease and desist?|Cease and desist what? Existing?
What are some tips and warnings you can give to someone who's just starting university?|Enjoy yourself, but don't go overboard. Set good study habits that will stick with you throughout however many years you end up staying. Spending too much time partying is just pissing away money in the long run. Get your money's worth: balance work and play.
What song covers do you enjoy more than the original versions?|Please provide a link if possible.
What do you do when you have wiped atleast 50 times and there is still shit on the paper?|Switch to wet wipes.
What/Who do you love that the reddit hivemind seems to hate?|Open ended discussions where different opinions are expressed.
What do you like to daydream about?|My girlfriend
Now knowing your pets real personality, what would you rename them?|I always give unnamed pets a couple days before deciding what to call them, for exactly this reason. Working with rescues means they usually come prenamed, though.
What was the first videogame you enjoyed, that you would still play today?|Command and Conquer.
Why the f**k do people think crystals have special properties?|the placebo effect probably
If a burglar snuck into your house while you're away, what would they think of you based on whats inside your room?|"""Has someone already been here to burgle this place, it looks like a disaster"""
New Yorkers of Reddit - what is the most common misconception about you?|I'm a transplant, not a native, but I found that the idea that New Yorkers are rude is greatly exaggerated. You're just walking past hundreds of people every day, and the volume of customers that businesses have to deal with is so much higher that what might polite elsewhere has to be set aside or else you won't get anything done. If you try to ask someone for help or directions they probably have already walked past three to four people already who tried to stop them asking for help and were just panhandling. There's just a lot of stuff competing for your attention and you have to learn to ignore a lot. Once you can break break through someone's noise filter though, I've found people to be as nice and helpful and polite as anywhere else.
If subreddits were people, what would they be like?|Many would be a lot like the President the U.S. put in office.
What is a thing others do that is completely normal but baffles you?|Change lanes in an intersection. The lack of awareness is astounding sometimes.
"What is something that you think is ""killer weak"" that everyone thinks is ""super sweet""?"|Starbucks. I know the online community has a different take on it but the kids at my school *worship* Starbucks. I have not had a good drink from Starbucks. It. tastes. like. nothing.
"What was your biggest ""Fuck this shit I'm out"" moment?"|School.I would throw away homework assignments as soon as I left the classroom.
Who in real life do you think would be able to lift Mjolnir (Thor's hammer)?|Jason Kelce.
What is the achievement you are most proud of in a videogame?|None all of them wasted time
What phrase can’t you stop saying?|"""Eat a dick"""
People of Reddit, if you were to commit a murder, how would you get away with it?|Step 1: become a cop
"What are some great ""rags to riches"" stories that would make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside?"|"Watch the Blind Side. 
Michael Oher came from nothing and became a great and wealthy lineman in the NFL"
Looking back on your childhood, what was the one Christmas gift you cherish the most?|I dunno if this is something to be proud of or not but the year I got an SNES set the tone for the next couple of decades...
If seven new dwarves were created for the millennial generation, what would thier names be?|What the fuck are you talking about?
Stoners of Reddit, what are some funny stories you have from getting high with friends?|First time I got high with a mate. we laughed our asses off. I figured it was a good idea to get a tattoo, both of us walking down the streets of Cape Town, got my tattoo, had to walk 3 KM. Don't remember much after that.
When was the last time you cried from laughing?|When I watched Old Yeller.
What is the biggest bullshit scene you've seen in a movie?|Someone (I forget who) force pulled themselves through space. They looked like a bad cgi superman. It was one of those low budget straight to cable movies, I think.
Role models of Reddit (educators, doctors, law enforcement etc.), what NSFW thing do you do, that you would never tell your peers?|Promiscuous professor checking in.
Next week, I'll be spending my 8th consecutive Valentine's Day as a single man. What's Reddit doing for V-Day?|On Valentine's day I get to find out if my ivf worked and if we're preggo!
Reddit, what is your mom yelling about?|She found my fucking bong. Took it away. Like that's gonna stop me...
If you've had a radical transformation in your politics, what caused it?|I never thought, as a stoner, would I say I hate Cheetos as much as the one in the Oval Office. Nuff said.
Reddit, if you could change one little thing in your past, what would it be and why?|When I was growing up and has swimming lessons i was very embarresed about showing my legs for some reason so one day 9when i was like 8) desided to wear shorts over my swimming suit and everyone laughed at me. No one remembered but It still scarred me and im a girl btw
What's your favorite fictional speech?|https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivKaX_d7NRc
What's the darkest dream you've ever had where you were the bad person?|I dreamed that I had a fenced in house in a suburb somewhere with a pool out back, but it was empty. I would invite people out back to see the pool and when the stood beside it, I would slit their throat and shove them in. Eventually the pool was full of floating, decaying bodies and blood. I woke up and felt sick to my stomach.
What's the one thing you don't want to hear on a train?|"""It's showtime!"" Edit: I got confused and thought I was in AskNYC so this might not make much sense out of that context."
What is your minor mutation?|My sense of smell is *delayed.* If someone smells something, I end up smelling it minutes later. It's really weird and I have no idea why this might be, other than the extreme number of cauterization silver burnings I've had in my nostrils for chronic nosebleeds. Oh, and that. Whenever I have a nosbleed, it last for *hours* whereas other people's last for minutes. Very sucky.
What simple addition would add a lot of fun to activity or thing that is considered boring?|cocaine.
Every scandal now has to end with -gate due to the Watergate scandal. What other hotel would have given us a better suffix for our scandals?|"Waterraffles 
Deflateraffles
Celebraffles Raffles Hotel in Singapore"
What’s a great stress reliever?|Sex 😂
What homemade meals do you make on a weekly basis?|Taco night, pasta, fish and rice, chicken and mushroom gravy
What things in life seem like a bug, but are actually a feature?|How time seemingly fast forwards during sleep.
Married people or those with SOs, why do you still have Tinder on your phone?|Cause people love cheap trills over the real deal
What's the most expensive thing you've ever ruined by getting blood on it, and how did it happen?|I woke up in the middle of the night and felt wet.. like i had been sweating.. I took my phone light and shined it on my chest and i was covered in blood. I’m talking COVERED. I freaked out and jumped up and turned my light on and my blanket, sheets, and mattress were just ruined. That mattress cost me a thousand dollars and was not flippable. I did my best to clean it out but to no avail. Source of blood: Turns out I had gotten a terrible nose bleed while I was sleeping.
Can we get you redditors to describe the worst porn you've ever seen and why it was the worst?|Lemon stealing whore; I don't agree with punishing someone when the only crime they committed was for trying to feed her family.
What's something you were told when you were younger but found out to be false when you grew up?|My grandparents always told us when the ice cream truck plays a sound it meant the ice cream had run out...LIES
Redditors who are financially stable. What's it like?|Good
What do you live for ?|Imaginary internet points
What are life's minigames?|plugging in the phone charger without looking at the plug
What common piece of advice do you strongly argue with?|"""Don't do that"""
People who vandalize bathroom stalls, why?|Sharper tools than wit....
If you had unlimited resources, how would you take over a foreign planet that is similar to Earth?|Hire smarter people to figure it out.
What is your favorite app idea?|Nice try, app developer
You are now a butterfly but with your human consciences, how will you tell people?|Violently shit all over their hands.
American who are eligible to vote who haven't registered for the 2018 Midterm Elections, why not?|no one wants to work for the russian government
When did you start using chocolate sprinkles and why do you use them?|i don't
Redditor who got into a fight, what happened?|I won
What is your best “fancy meeting you here” story?|"Took a girl on a 'date' a few days back. Well, not so much a date, she is my hot friend but nobody knows we have no attraction to each other. I use her to 'tag' myself in statuses with her. She uses me to send out Snaps that I am with her. My idea is that girls think ""he can hang with somebody hot. He cool"" and she just likes annoying her ex-boyfriend. Anyway, went with her to IKEA. My friends have never met her, and I would like to keep it that way. Turns out that 2 of my ex-girlfriends were in IKEA at exactly the same time. Was a case of dodging them all, while entertaining my friend. Was quite...scary. I really didn't want my ex meeting her (was with her five years)"
Which brands or products are mistakenly attributed to the wrong country?|For example; I have seen many, many Americans think that Grand Theft Auto is American.
What is your inside joke?|My dick
What is a sure sign someone you love doesn't feel the same way?|They avoid you. Or get a restraining order against you.
Recently had to help put out a fire through phone, what are some good simple advices to help someone in a panic to avoid a possibly life threatning situation?|“Breathe deeply and don’t jump off that cliff”
How do your interests in porn align with your interests in real sex? Do you watch things you don’t enjoy or vice versa?|i do want to do most of the things i watch, even if it's just roleplay then.
What are the best demonic/possession/ghost movies?|They really get shit on heavily but I love the paranormal activity series as well as the original blair witch project.
What's a dumb/fun game you played in grade school?|soccer was by the far dumbest
What's a personality trait in others that draws you to them?|Good sense of humor
If you became 6 in tall, how would your job be affected? What would you do differently?|I would be roasted alive
If humanity was to end this year what would be the cause?|Probably some virus.
Who else is going to eat out alone this evening/ tonight?|Me. But only because there's nobody I know nearby that likes Pho, and I love it.
What turns you on every single time it happens?|Your moms voice
What have your neighbors caught you doing through a window?|Browsing yahoo news
What three things in video games are the most annoying?|Getting to a check point in under a certain amount of time. Especially if you mess up once you don't have enough time to finish.
Adult Redditors who can’t swim, what has stopped you from learning?|A tiny amount of fear of water.
What is the first thing you want to do when you get to visit space?|I would breathe in to check how it is breathing nothing
What was the worst case of diarrhea that you have ever had?|/r/askredditafterdark
What was your most expensive purchase? Was it worth it?|My house. I like it a lot.
If you're living easy and loving free and have a season ticket on a one way ride, where you going?|To the grave.
What is your favorite opening cinematic to a game?|halo 3. also the most nostalgic music and cutscenes
What songs make you feel as if something is chasing you?|/r/schitzophrenia
Are alphabet letter shapes designed to mimic the movement of the mouth when saying the sound of each letter?|i think that only applies to hangul {korean)
What is the most rare thing you own ?|I have an antique Moroccan flintlock pistol
Which is worse for graphic design work: Having no job for a long time, or having a job in a different field for a while?|Having no job.
How can one find the motivation to better themselves when life is just a constant uphill battle soon ending in death?|You need to constantly try to improve yourself until it is no longer an uphill battle.
What's the most pointless argument you've ever gotten into?|What makes a pizza party a pizza party? Are we gathering because of the pizza, or does the pizza just need to be in the room?
What is a video game you have been playing lately that you just can’t get enough of?|Endless Legend and Dead Cells
If your personality was a sandwich, what would be on it?|Moldy cheese
What do you think will be the biggest threat to civilization in the next 100 years?|Drug-resistant illnesses.
People of Reddit, who will be my friend?|Hello from Vancouver!
What is the most hated level of your most loved game?|Every God damn water level in every game I've ever loved.
What’s the nicest thing a cop has done for you?|I was driving my quad on the road at the age of 18 when my quad ran out of gas. A cop happened to come around the block as this happened. He decided to let me go since I wasn't technically driving it on the road.
Who would you have narrate your life and why specifically them?|Gilbert Godfrey because you would get sick of him talking within 5 minutes which is how things normal go for me
What completely mundane thing is actually terrifying?|Hand sanitizer. You know how it only kills 99.9% of germs?  That .1% is resistant to the sanitizer.  It alone will propagate its immunities into the next generation.   Every time you use hand sanitizer you are directly contributing to the development of a super virus that is resistant to standard means of destroying it.
What is the worst real way somebody has died?|One Indian guy was sucked into a MRI Machine...
Looking back, what year of your life has been the most transformational thus far and what happened that year?|2017 for me. Split from my gf of almost 7 years/mother to my son and lost my grand father within 3 weeks of one another with Christmas in between... Lately I have made quite the transformation. Will be changing careers, bettering my health and focusing on me the make sure I can provide for my son! Thanks for asking this question. Feels good to get all of this off my chest!
What possession do you wish you held onto from your childhood?|My father gave away my lego. I really wish I could get it back :(
If you could shout one thing and have the entire world hear it, what would it be?|It would be an advertisement for whichever brand paid me the most money.
If everyone older than 18 silently disappeared tommorow, what would be the biggest changes/disasters?|hundreds of millions of infant and young children would die within the first 48 hours.
What movie stayed with you days after watching it?|Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind kinda fucked me up for a few days.
What's safe for kids but not adults?|Childhood romance
What is your favorite office prank to play on someone who forgets to lock their PC?|Send a company-wide email telling how my blood test came back okay, but how worried I was because I've been pretty careless.
What's your internet Great White Shark (something you heard about, but hope to NEVER run across)?|The dark web, I watched a video of a guy scratching the surface, just scrolling through some links. I’d say about 80% was child porn.
What’s the most interesting AMA you’ve read?|Mister Torgue's AMA was hilarious.
how do you usually clear your mind?|Exercise, specifically the gym
Reddit, what sort of people are there a special place in hell for?|Politicians who take advantage of tack-on bills.
What’s your favorite quote from a movie?|“Some of you will die, but that is a sacrifice I am willing to make” - Lord Farquod, Shrek
What’s a skill/lesson that was hammered into you in school, but once you made it to the respective field, you NEVER used?|"How to write in cursive/script - my teachers told me I would need this in whatever field I entered and that it was ""how adults write.""  20-ish years later, I know maybe 2-3 people who regularly use it."
What are some happenings that interfere with everyday rational thought, ideas similar to echo chambers, cognitive biases and what not?|"I don't want to be ""that guy"", but religous texts are a huge point for bias and point of view. If you dedicate your belief to the Bible or the Torah (etc) you are believing the things that are explicitly said in those texts. Religion is a huge part of a lot of people's psyche and origin of belief; this causes a cognative bias which plays out in today's world."
What's the craziest thing you've seen while driving?|A naked beggar, walking down the middle of the street, and he had lays chips on his eyes. so basically he was blind.
Are we what we think?|or are we nor because we would need others to judge us
What is your biggest pet peeve?|When people talk when I'm trying to watch something on tv. I often miss crucial lines or plot explanations because of it.
What product or service is actually worth getting the more expensive version of?|Anything that separates you from the ground is usually worth spending a little more money on.
What's the most useless piece of information you were taught in school?|Almost all math I learned past 6th grade.
Why do some questions do really well but are always repeated, yet some really interesting questions get buried?|It's all about timing.
What was it like for Redditors whose supposed to have surgery unconsciously but ended up being conscious?|Waking up while your insides are being scraped off or scalpeled off must have been some scary shit.
What was the bullshit that you had believed the longest?|**Muh communism is a VeRY gOOd ThiNG**
What subreddits are the most politically biased?|r/politics
What celebrity would like you the most if they only had a chance to get to know you?|Harvey Weinstein probably
People earning minimum wage, why are you in that position?|I'm a student starting a new degree after dropping off the last one
Uber drivers of Reddit, what are your feelings on passengers bringing pets on rides?|If they want to bring their wife or girlfriend, feel free.
What's a good brand to get for a first car?|Any asian car brand. Toyota, Honda, etc.
You have $5000 to spend on your dream honeymoon. Where do you go and what do you do?|spend it all on crypto and then go to the moon in april
What was your number 1 food as a child?|Kraft Mac n' Cheese from the box, hands down.
What's your dream job and what would a typical day consist of? Why aren't you there yet?|I want to be a writer, I have enough material for 12 books, from fantasy to scifi, created my whole universe but I have serious health problems and need time to heal and I don't have the energy to write when I have to focus on my studies.
People in the states why does it take the government 0.1 second to take money out of my check but like two weeks to see my tax return back?|Because banks process money slower than you physically looking at a check.
Those who spend $1,300+ monthly on rent (for a 1 or 2 bedroom), which city do you live in?|Currently live in LA, Spend $2,500 for a studio. I’m relocating to Atlanta this summer where I’ll have a one bedroom for $1,400.
Secretaries and Assistants of Reddit, what weird shit did your boss pull and get away with?|Had a fucking fight club in one of our facilities where him and god knows who would all just beat each other.  Bitch, we have deadlines!
People of Reddit that buy/want a diamond engagement ring. Why?|Because it shows they have a high financial and social status. It's perfectly normal human behaviour lol
What are your thoughts on North and South Korea marching under one flag in the Olympics?|Reunify already.   Ready the KFC.
What are you the most self-conscious of?|My big old belly. It's hard to find t-shirts that don't either stick tight to it and really show it off, or aren't so big it's like I'm wearing a tent. Maybe I need to check the maternity wear section more often.
What are some signs of an experienced traveler?|Their willingness to sacrifice fashion for comfort and efficiency. I travel a lot and I look totally stupid in my cowboy hat and zip-off pants, vest; -- But, I stay cool, don't get burned, keep bugs away, etc. Experienced travelers always want to make sure they put themselves in the best position to hit the ground running the following day.  Also, if they have zero qualms with bopping onto public transportation wherever they land, they're probably fairly adept.
What's the most strangely adorable animal?|Porcupine
What song do you play most often?|Sweet Dreams are made of this by the Eurythmics
A bot is made to delete reposts of questions that have been on the front page recently. How do you react?|why the fuck isn't this bot on rworldnews
People who sleep through multiple alarms in the morning, why? Is it just you don't want to get up or you legitimately don't hear it?|i turn them off half asleep. i mean i think. i don't remember.
To anyone that has ever purchased Logan Paul merch... Why?|I don't know what else to spend my money on, and everybody needs toilet paper.
What is/are the best way/ways to find a quality roommate?|at the barrel of gun
People who work with the public, who was the worse customer/client etc you have dealt with?|probably the elderly man I found shoplifting chocolate, warned my boss who found the stolen goods on him, then I had a lecture from this thief about why little girls should mind their own business (i was 16 at the time).My boss banned him from the store.
Right-wingers, conservatives, centrists, and others: what have you seen leftists complain about that you think is superfluous or unimportant?|Assualt weapons
Whats the weirdest compliment youve ever received?|"Apparently, I have ""an amazing head"""
How does Stockholm Syndrome work?|isn't that a Muse song?
What is something that you have become desensitized too?|Porn. I write about porn for about 15 hours a week. Just, two nine hour days with a short break. Porn no longer excites me.
How do you know someone is using you as confidence booster?|Context: Streamer Mitch Jones is stuck in a situation how can we help
What are the situations where it is okay to lie, if at all?|When you're not under oath.
What is something good parents think they're doing, but is actually wrong?|Beating the shit out of their kids...I don't think most of them do but trust me it ain't good when it happens
What minor would be a good choice to accompany a science (cellular biology) degree?|/r/askscience
How many of you have a coat of arms or family crest, and how did you determine it was legitimate rather than an internet fad?|I am 87th in line to the British Royal Throne. So, yeah. Easy peasy lemon squeezy.
Fast food workers of Reddit who fill drinks up to the top with ice, why?|Fills up faster with soda. Makes my job easier.
What is your favourite movie that most of us have not yet seen?|Hot tub time machine, cousin.
Redditors who’ve attended timeshare seminars, what are your experiences?|"Always go for the boat. Not the mystery box. Even if you think the mystery box could, in fact, contain a boat.  No, seriously - always remember: absolutely do NOT sign anything then and there. ""Oh, but this is a one time offer at a special introductory rate, you have to sign today!"" Nope. Don't do it. If they're legit, they will let you take the paperwork home, let you study, run it by your lawyer, let you think about it. The ones who insist on you signing it right away know the agreement is a sham and they're relying on your greed to get the special deal to sign and NOT notice that clause where you promise to hand over your first born.  Never be pressured into signing anything immediately.  ANd certainly don't accept free drinks.  Thats how I wound up with my timeshare - 8 Manhattens later, boy that deal sure was looking good, sure I'll sign whatever you want, just bring me another drink."
When did you loose the big V?|When I turned caps lock off
What is the biggest coincidence that has happened to you?|I'm in it.
What does it take for you to trust someone?|Honesty
Why do you think people tend to hate characteristics about other people that they have as well?|Maybe it threatens our uniqueness - our sense of individuality - and therefore attacks our personal fable?
What is a little thing someone has done that made you realize what a true friend they are?|"She came and visited me in hospital where I was staying after my second surgery last year. She had to drive three hours but it was important to her that I was not alone. It meant a lot to me, since other ""friends"" who lived closer couldn't even be bothered to send me a text."
You're a burglar, but instead of stealing things you do things to mildly inconvenience your victims. What is your crime?|I'd log into their reddit and ask a question that was already asked 8hrs earlier
How can you tell where someone is from by looking at the way they type Reddit posts/comments?|"The comments from r/askreddit 
But plz no spy on anyone"
Travelers of Reddit, what’s the most embarrassing airport or airplane moment you’ve experienced or witnessed?|I fell asleep on a transatlantic flight and woke up suddenly, grabbing the lady sitting beside me in the process, she screamed.
What are some great interviews to listen to?|Cathy Newmann vs Jordan Peterson Bring popcorn
What's your thoughts of staying the night date with girl she said no sex but cuddling she is not wearing panties?|If she said no sex, don't have sex with her. End of story.
Combine a winter Olympic sport with a summer Olympic sport. What would be the most entertaining combination?|street luge
"What's the ""Call in Sick"" policy of your non-US country?"|Recently had to call into a few days of work due to a severe flu. Took 3 of my 6 paid sick days for the year a week into February. If I go beyond that, paid or unpaid, that's it for me. This is pretty common in the US, so I got wondering about other countries of the world.
Which questions would you like to stop seeing people ask?|"Two things come to mind. Trying to ask repeat or invert questions just to get karma. Trying to use this sub as a Soapbox for their own opinions. ""People Of Reddit who do x thing, why are you so stupid?"""
What does someone's choice of music say about them?|That they enjoy that kind of music.
What is the least possible move set it would take to beat a standard, electronic, 3 card draw, solitaire game?|I just did it in 52 on Google's solitaire game, but you can definitely do it in less moves. I just cannot find an answer anywhere.
Were blacks in the USA overall happier 25 years ago than they are today? Why or why not?|Well they're a wildly diverse group with a ton of different opinions based on their living conditions. Some are and some aren't.
What is the cheapest way to file taxes in the USA?|Fill in and mail the forms yourself. It's free.
If you took all the money in the world and distributed it equally among all the world's peoples, what would happen next?|Total economic collapse.  First off, if you took “all the money in the world” and gave it to “people” every company would be completely broke since you took all of their money.  Second, human nature is to desire to have more than someone.  Since everyone is now equal, you’d see a rate of inflation like the world has never dreamed of.
What would life and society be like if it were taboo to talk about or acknowledge death?|Its pretty close to that atm tbh.
People who get up right after the plane lands, even though you’re 20 rows back: why?|To stretch. I'm tall so sitting in a cramped plane for 4 hours doesn't feel great.
What lost item from your childhood would you pay $100 for if you found it at a thrift store?|Holly Hobby oven.
What is a food that you truly can't comprehend why people like it?|Mushrooms
What is something fun to do that does not involve drugs or alcohol?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What traditionally children's or family show would you like to see have an adult reboot?|Rugrats
What is your happiest memory?|"Getting married. My grandfather told a story about how when I was little I got up on the table and started shouting ""horny toads!"" It was embarrassing, but I was so happy."
If you had to use any sex toy as a weapon, what toy would you choose?|A friend of mine has a 7,5kg dildo which is around 50cm long. You could definitely kill a person with it.
What is the best opening paragrah to book you've read?|> It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way—in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only
What unusual food combo is surprisingly tasty?|Wendy's french fries dipped in a Frosty.
What was your number 1 chocolate as a child?|Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
Retail workers, what can customers do to be a 'good customer' and make your job easier?|Treat retail workers like people. This is the most basic, and apparently most difficult thing to do for a LOT of people.
What’s your biggest fear?|loss of our freedoms
What are some fun to play mobile games?|"Clash of Clans-Online
Sage Solitaire-Offline"
What two things would you like to see come together (like North and South Korea at the Winter Olympics)?|Donald Trump vs CNN reporters in an all out Cage match.
What are the biggest myths about Asia?|Some people think they can win a land war there
What is something you accidentally did by intentionally trying to avoid doing it?|For me, minutes ago, I dropped my blow drier in the toilet. I was trying to close the lid because I thought I might drop the hair drier in the toilet.  (Unplugged thankfully)
What is the greatest insult quote from a movie, book, or t.v. show?|Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.
What is the longest combo of unfortunate events you've ever had?|Maybe whole 2012... Many members of my family died. Every two months I was at funeral
What's your favorite clip from the Simpsons?|The SJWs at yale https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkwHXJudeOs
Folks who don’t use their blinkers/signals/indicators why don’t you? And when you see the flashing light on another vehicle, what do you think it’s for?|Morse code
How do you tell if someone you know (not friend) is depressed or just a lazy sack?|It's really hard to tell. You should try talking to them.
How do you find meaning in your life?|I found a career helping people. I am a special educator.
People who have been in the audience in a game show, what was it really like?|Applaud loudly for the arrival of the contestants/host 8 times until we get it right. The episode is 30 minutes, but make sure you look like you haven't been here for 7 hours as we try...AGAIN...to make the game work right. Timer stops whenever something bad happens, like a contestant throwing up or having a mental breakdown.  Have to pretend like timers were contiguous. SEVERAL episodes in 1 setting.  This was the cool part!
Valentine’s Day is almost here; what are some small romantic gestures to make your SO smile?|I bought my husband flowers and gummy bears. Men like flowers, too!
What do you think is fine or not a big deal that most people think is gross?|Republicanism
If you got to ask yourself to tell a story from your life on your deathbed, which story from your life would you most desire to verbally re-live?|I don't think I would be in the mood
What is your favorite day to eat a bowl of soup?|When it's cold out!
Why is the Japanese cannibal Issei Sagawa not in prison? What is it like being a resident of Japan while knowing that he is free amongst the general public?|He was pronounced insane.
"Do you think there will be a ""Blue Wave"" this November? Why or why not?"|I have no idea, I want to say yes, but again I have no clue. I also don't know if that's good for the people. I'm kind of clueless in that department.
What is the most mind-blowing fact that you just cannot get over?|One day there will no longer be people who were born in the 1900's
What are some words of wisdom for men?|Before to engage think #MeToo
What did your SO do or not do that made you give them a chance?|Buy their own drink.
What is the best interview you have ever seen ?|Jordan Peterson channel 4
What is the worst thing you've gone to the hospital for?|Ovarian cysts. They were big and extremely painful. I had laproscopic surgery to remove them. I probably spelled that wrong.
What method would be the most effective for punishing criminals, assuming the goal is to eliminate repeat offenders?|kill everyone in their family
What's your go-to karaoke song?|"""The Impression That I Get"" - Mighty Mighty Bosstones."
What are some of the things you would do if tomorrow morning you woke up and everyone on Earth disappeared (cant cry)?|Move to an agricultural school and start learning to farm. You can't prevent me from crying though, it's gonna happen.
If you could talk to one historic figure for half an hour who would it be and what would you ask them?|"I would talk to the dude who engineered the Great Pyramid (can't think of his name) and find out how they did it. Then come back and right a book about how it was done. Then all the ""experts"" will ""prove"" I'm wrong, and I will laugh and laugh."
What do you miss most about your childhood?|Not paying bills.
What app or software did you not know you needed until you had it?|f.lux, after i got used to it i never could live without it.
What thing did you do that you thought was normal until somebody pointed it out to you?|Eating bagel with salt and pepper
Women who fake it, what are the circumstances?|"Obligatory: "" Well you know, if it’s enough already and I just wanna get some sleep"""
What examples in your life prove we live in a simulation?|"Yesterday I went to eat some Chinese food. While I was eating, I starting think about the fact I want to start my own business soon. I open the fortune cookie, and it says ""you will be successful in a business of your own"". Wtf fortune cookie you read my mind or something, or the creators are pushing me in that direction...."
Redditors who comment on a post that already has thousands of comments, why do you do it?|Because, I have no life and it fits my everyday lifestyle. I go about my day and no one notices me.
Rrdditors over 30 who are still virgins... What went wrong?|Oh look, this thread again
Mardi Gras attendees of Reddit, what are your drinking tips for pacing yourself throughout the entire day?|You have to raise your tolerance months before. You never want to drink too much to where you get sloppy or can't function. Keep it to a good buzz, but stop before getting too drunk. Maintain that all night.
What do you wish you never found out?|Shrek is love, shrek is life...
What are some of the unwritten rules of where ever you live, that when someone doesn't follow it you can immediately tell they are a tourist?|"For me, in NYC in all the public transportation areas with escalators there are always two lines of people entering the escalator.  The right line will stand still on the escalator and the left line always walks up/down the escalator.  This works with 95% success rate, but every so often there is one person that doesn't budge causing both sides of the escalator to stand still.
Mainly infuriating when you miss the bus/train/subway because of this."
What were you doing and how did you fall for your first computer virus?|Porn.
Why has Apple progressively declined especially in the past half decade?|because they're all about the dolla'
What product or food was created accidentally and was very successful?|Apple tart tartain
IT technicians of Reddit: What's the dumbest thing you've witnessed in the job?|Email server went down. Response was holiday weekend they'd fix/resolve by Monday (government job. Lazy people who hate working weekends). How do you notify the 1000~ government employees affected by the service outage? Sent them an email. Idiots.
Who was the best teacher at Hogwarts, and why?|Remus Lupin
People of Reddit that were once fat and lazy but now no longer are.. how did you get over the laziness and constant hunger/need to eat?|My answer is to honestly just stop eating... shit like sugar is an addiction, like heroin or cigarettes. Quit sugar cold turkey. Eat healthy for a while. You'll find the cravings subside.
Where do you hide at work?|Cubicles not facing foot traffic are amazing : )
Why are you upset?|Because a lot man
It turns out the Afterlife is just re-eating every meal you've ever eaten. How do you order the food to keep it interesting?|I'm not food obsessed so I just keep my current diet
What’s an interesting culture that not many people know about?|From the very little I know about the Sikh culture, I really respect their philosophical concepts of equality, honest work, and charity.
What is the biggest stereotype associated with your job?|Software engineer here, family and friends assume that I can repair any type of electronics.
Which country has the best national anthem?|O Canada
If you could drive one car, what would it be?|Audi RS6
Employers/Teachers of Reddit: What is the best or worst excuse you've received for a person/assignment being late?|"“My grandma had a hard attack and I had to drive her to the hospital”
-14 yo"
What book hasn’t been written yet but needs to be?|The Big Book Of Spaghetti Jokes.
what has the internet allowed you to do that you would not be able to do 50 years ago?|Wank to midget porn. Was really hard to find 50 years ago unless you knew a guy.
When did someone piss you off so bad, you wished you could kill them right there?|The Media's treatment of Michael Jackson Downright Cruel
What are your opinions on South and North Korea using the same flag for the Olympics?|I’m all for it! Joint Korea is best Korea
What is the polite way to act on a date tonight at a guy's house when you said no sex but he asked you to stay the night?|Get lost pepper.
What do you hate about Reddit?|Kim K fans
Single people of reddit. What are you doing on Valentine's day?|just like any other day
People who post passive aggressive questions on askreddit: why?|Fuck you
How likely is it for a minority(Black/Indian) to get poisoned coffee at a cafe?|I'd say 10. Yeah yeah, definitely 10.
what’s the farthest you’d drive to meet someone from tinder??|20 miles no more, preferably less
What random statistic would you most like to know?|How many times I've wanked it.
Redditors that live in Brazil, what are some crazy stories youve heard coming from the favelas?|This bald dude, his sister and her boyfriend came stomping through the favelas one day. Then some big as dude ran through with his crew going after them. They looked like Black Ops dudes.
Why are microwaves still taking so long to warm up leftovers?|How is 2 minutes long?
When Musk sends people to Mars, what laws do they follow? Will Musk be the owner/ruler of Mars while ruling from Earth?|As King of Mars, I say yes, Elon Musk makes the rules.
If everyone suddenly became nice, polite consumers, what jobs would be obsolete?|That's easy - lawyer
Have you ever accidentally, on purpose, scared someone online, what was the fallout?|Feels bad man. I just pretended to be in prison and it did not go down well at all.
If you had to be an NPC in any video game, which would you choose, who would you be?|Beedle Whhow!
How do you find inner peace?|Self-contemplation and empathy.
If you could go anywhere in one day, what would your day look like?|Stasy home, browse Reddit
What Michael Jackson song describes your mood now?|*Smooth Criminal*. Pooping at work.
What's your best revenge story?|wrong sub
What are some religions/philosophies that endorse radical indulgence in life's pleasures (sex, food, etc)?|Hedonism. Where the main purpose of life is to fully indulge in pleasure.
In what age did you actually start to think about shit and how did you realize it?|I'd say mostly after high school. You go through so much from 18 to mid-20's. It's like you become a completely different person; you start to see the world and reality itself in a whole different light. Well, at least *some* people do. Some just stay the same their entire lives; just older versions of how they were in high school.
What is the worst thing Trump has done since becoming president?|Well, Two of his family members blocked me on Twitter, mostly because Donald Trump never paid me for a job I completed, so I was hounding Donald Trump Jr. and his brother for payment. They blocked me rather than gave me my legally owed $200.
How does a family that makes $90k per year US send a kid to college?|Save for the future when you start your family like responsible people do.
Party goers of Reddit, what is the most outrageous thing you've heard in a speech?|*Islam teaches peace* - Barack Hussein Obama
What is a subject you are particularly passionate about, but others aren’t?|The girl I have a crush on.
What was the best snowday you've ever had as a kid (or adult)?|My older brother was working construction and so he got the day off too while he was looking after us when my parents were on a cruise. We had to shovel like 2 feet of snow from the drive way first but we rolled our snowmobile trailer out of the garage and hit the trails straight from our house. We got some interesting looks because most people don't see snowmobiles in our neighborhood but it was a fun day with all the snow on the trails
"What's your favorite ""Cinderella Story?"""|Mein Kampf
What happened to net neutrality? Is it still coming?|It went away.  Or is still going away.  I lost track and stopped caring.
Engineers of reddit, how would you describe the difference between variable and constant specific heat of air?|If small temperature changes, assume constant If large temperature changes, can't assume constant Not sure why this is an ask reddit question, but there ya go.
If Elon Musk's car takes asteroid damage, how would car insurance handle the situation?|Doubt they would because (1) that's not standard expected use of a car (2) the car won't be able to be fixed anyway
What's the worst start to a first date that you've experienced?|She showed up so late that I was getting ready to leave because we missed the movie. My EX of all people convinced me to stay and wait for her lol. The date didn't get much better after that.
Former children of dysfunctional families, how well-adjusted in society are you, what was the biggest challenge to overcome?|Extremely well adjusted and high functioning although I'm an introvert at heart.  Happily married to a fellow introvert.  Love my life.  No bitterness or regrets. Hardest thing to overcome was anxiety, which in my family was the norm - took me until I was 50 to even get a diagnosis, I thought I was fine.
What song makes your troubles disappear or feel insignificant?|Real human being or any song on drive soundtrack 🙌🏼
Redditors who DON’T suffer from depression, what do you understand about it? Do you have any questions about it?|Can you ignore it? Focus on other shit with pure force of will? Or does it really loom there, even in the best of days? Are there best days?
How rude is it to sit at a cafe without buying anything?|I would say incredibly rude, to the staff and to any customers if you take up seats during busy times
Here in England, every Sunday we have what is called a Sunday dinner/roast. It's basically like I toned down version of Christmas or thanksgiving dinner. Across the pond what do you guys eat on a Sunday?|Zimbabwe. We're a colonial British colony. we do the same thing. We have a massive beef/pork roast. call all the relatives. good times.
If you were emperor of the world what infractions, though small in the grand scheme of things, would nonetheless carry the death penalty?|Chewing with your mouth open Not using the on ramp of a highway to get up to speed Starting a sentence with “the Democrats” or “the republicans”
If someone asked you to describe your city in the weirdest way possible without saying the city's name, what would you say?|Lots of gays and rappers
When was the last time you found a Reddit post amusing, went to click on the comments to see what everybody else thought...only to click on a different post's comments and get confused as all hell?|Why is everyone saying Sweden? Norway actually shares a border with Russia. The Norwegians have skin in the game. I have no doubt at all that they would be very invested in Finland's position.
Redditors on the toilet, you find out you’ll die in 10 seconds. What do you do?|Not wipe, no point.
Who knows what's in my pocket?|A condom which is never going to be used.
Dear US people I don’t want to be offensive but I’ve seen y’all say that you have freedom, tell me examples, how free are you?|I'm free to go bankrupt any time I choose.
What's the story behind your pet's name?|I have a husky named Ganon, and two cats (male and female) named Link and Zelda. Not much of a story behind it. But I’ve got a Tri-Furce.
Reddit, Valentine's Day is coming up. What can a broke person do to be romantic for their SO?|Threesome with a homeless guy
Why do Americans like to apply American ideals to the rest of the world?|Look, we can either tell you what you want to hear, or what you need to hear.
How would you react if your SO confessed that they can’t stop thinking about wizard sleeves?|Is your SO bloodninja?
What supposedly non-edible items are actually possible to eat for their nutritional content?|Dirt and clay.
What makes you unique?|I get my brain shocked so I don't want to kill myself.
If you could attend one concert of someone dead or alive who would it be?|The Beatles rooftop concert
Whats the most suspicious sporting victory that has not been confirmed as fixed?|South Korea World Cup 2002 campaign
Redditors, what are you doing this weekend? Any fun plans?|Staying in and masturbating. Gotta love it, always a fun plan.
"Is there a word for words which are complex sounding and used to sound smart, despite simpler words existing? Words like ""Unforeseen"", ""Stupendous"", etc etc?"|sesquipedalian
What’s one emotionally painful movie that’s worth the watch?|"7 minutes after midnight. 
Damn, I cried like a bitch during that movie. It's emotionally heavy but it really is worth watching."
What's a unique insult in your native language and what's the literal translation?|Phrase: Go fuck yourself. Translation: Go fuck yourself.
What obscure reference do you make that no one ever gets?|YEEEES!
What is one thing you like and what is one thing you dislike about your job?|Like, I am in charge. Dislike, I am in charge.
What are some of the biggest myths about the history of the USA?|That it is a Christian nation.
How do you connect with people when you view them as sheep following the herd?|2edgy4me
How bad would it be for you if Yellowstone blew up right now?|Fucked. Everyone is going to be fucked when it decides to blow.  I would probably choke from the ash rather than burn up. So I am probably more fucked than those who live there as they would have a very quick fucking
What helps you when you're feeling overwhelmed by life?|Listening to dumb songs with a good heat!
Reddit, what’s been ruined for you?|In the arms of an angel...
Gay men of reddit, what is the best/worst date you’ve ever been on?|With a girl
Dating Experts of Reddit, What's Your Go To Activity for a Date?|Crying alone in my room
When was a time you screwed something up, but nobody knew it was you?|You ever hear of a lil thing called the Soviet Union?
How many people of your profession/job would it take to change a lightbulb?|6 cooks. One to change it, and 5 to stand there and tell you how they did it at the last place they worked
What’s an area that is surprisingly immigrant-friendly in the US ?|despite what you hear, most Americans do not care about your immigrant status. I prefer you get here through legal means but most Americans simply just don't care enough.
What's your story about having a sociopath as a work colleague?|I have a person who works for me who constantly tries to delegate her work to me.
With valentines day coming up, whats the sweetest thing your SO has done for you on Valentines day?|He's written some pretty sweet letters.
What’s the funnest thing you have ever tried?|MDMA. Literally had some of the best nights of my life on it
What's the smallest regret you had that still haunts you to this day?|Jr. High, two kids I don’t know come up to me and ask me if I am smart. I am guessing they wanted me to settle an argument they were having and wearing glasses as I did I *must* be a nerd and therefore smart. Well they caught me off balance and instead of saying ‘I’m average’ or ‘I know a few things’ I stammer out ‘I’m middle smart’…. They stare at me bust up laughing and walk away.  Over the next year they would see me and break out laughing. This happened back more years then I like to think about but it STILLS haunts me
What's the smartest thing that you've done in your life?|Stopped using Facebook.
What's a completely accurate way to describe your favourite show that only the fans of that show will recognise it?|Pretty good, Pretty Pretty Pretty Goood.
What is the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?|My children on the day they were born.
Are you for or against a murderer who murders murderers and rapists? And why not/yes?|So Dexter?
In which countries do people feel Global Warming more than others?|Niger ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Redditors over 40, does existential dread over aging, death and the futility of life ever go away? How do you deal with it as you get older?|Live in denial...
What's the deal with Russians and striped shirts?|I think you're confusing them with mimes.
Redditors over thirty who still live with parents... what went wrong?|Nothing went wrong. And no i dont live in the basement either. I stay there 3 nights a week as it is closer to work and my gf 4 nights a week.
What song makes you immediately want to change the radio station?|Anything in the top 40.
What are the most interesting live webcams?|The ones on the ISS
What are the things you do to pass the time on a long trip?|( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Whats something yall mad about today?|How you don't use apostrophes.
Reddit, what is your favorite instrument that you haven't learned to play?|that Jamaican, I don't remember the name
What part of the brain creates a dream, and why?|You should ask this on /r/AskScience
What's the grossest thing you've seen today?|I put my bagel on a table at Starbucks
What's your advice for wanting to move to a new city?|If you don't have any reason to stay where you are, move so you don't regret not doing it. Can always move back to familiar spaces.
What always make you feel good?|Fapping
"What is a dog's ""Hierarchy of Needs""?"|Water, food, love.
How would you spend your birthday by yourself?|beat my meat like it owed me money
Teachers, who was your most difficult/nightmarish parent you had to deal with?|I have had a few but one sticks out. She once got so upset during an annual meeting for special education for her son that she threw a chair at a wall. She was always on my case and I always tried to pacify her.
What will and won’t happen at the Olympics this year?|Kim Jong Un will let his people know that the Koreans won all the gold medals.
What is the most useful application on your computer?|Snipping tool.    Great for taking screenshots of exactly what you want.
Which tv show has the best title sequence?|Stranger Things
What internet acronyms have gone out of fashion?|Rofl
What's something gross you did today?|Used up the last of the toilet paper.
What's the best thing or service you ever got for free?|Reddit. #allthesubs
What's a tiny habit almost anyone can start doing every day to make their life better?|Stop pressing that snooze button. Mornings get easier.
What's the coolest mathematical fact you know of?|1 is the loneliest number.
Avid users of Reddit, what are some of your favorite Reddit moments/memories?|The Button. Screw all you filthy pressers.
What’s currently your biggest “first world” problem?|Motivating myself
What made you rethink your choices in life?|selling death stick to this Jedi dude
What do you prefer: Summer or Winter?|Summer by far.  I hate everything about winter.
Parents: Have you been able to effectively set boundaries with your parents in regards to your children? If so, how did you do it?|No matter what they're going to spoil them when your back is turned or they're left alone together for long enough. That's their job. Unless they're encouraging drinking/smoking/laziness let them be Grandparents and cut the cord already.
What's your favorite literary device or figurative language?|Alliteration aftermath is always awesome.
"NSFW Sorry for the weird question but i wanna know, what is ""Precum""?"|Google can help.  It's like starter fluid for semen.
When police make a drug bust and recover $750,000 in cash - where does that cash go?|To the government
If you were to strike a pose before you die, what would you do?|Blue Steel
Is a government shutdown for quite a bit worth passing DACA as a bill, why or why not?|no its not
What did you do that made you go “Oh crap!”?|Exist
Redditors who have done an Ask Me Anything: Why do you not answer questions about everything, but only answer questions limited to what you want to talk about?|LMAO I feel attacked
Who is the most uninteresting person on social media?|James Milner
At what age is it OK for kids to hear the F-bomb?|0.01 years
What is honesty for you?|Uhhhhh telling the truth
What about your life do you wish someone else would plan and manage for you?|"someone to find very promiscuous women for me to hang out with (sex not a requirement; just looking for situations where it's highly probable)...I HATE the ""thrill of the chase"" thing because I never had success in it PS I don't like bars or clubs but the person i would hire can do all that for me"
What's an underrated sport that would be huge if people were exposed to it?|lawn bowling op!!
Reddit, what are some tips to get through a breakup?|Alcohol and friends and time
What to do when your parents fuss at you like you are a little kid when you are a 27 year old woman?|Well first I freak out because I could have sworn I was a man
What if All The Democratic States Were Suddenly Republican and All of the Republican States Were Suddenly Democratic?|I might actually move to California.
What's been one of your favorite impulse purchases?|Xbox One X
Anyone that has ever worked in a restaurant, what's the nastiest thing you ever saw on the job?|I saw a woman shit her pants and laughed at the manager who has to clean it up
Women, what are your stories of guys who just didn't get the hint that you were into them?|"Any girl who expects guys to ""get the hint"" and gets disappointed when they don't needs to grow the fuck up and re-evaluate her life."
What is the most gut-wrenching thing?|Putting down your dog.
In 2040 we discover complex life in the oceans of Enceladus. What if we bought that life back to earth and let it flourish in our own oceans?|The percentage of organisms living in the oceans that humans know about would increase slightly.
life is a game: what is your class?|Lame NPC villager
What are you excited for in the future?|Hopefully I'll get laid eventually
What are you eating for dinner tonight??|Leftover chili from yesterday with tortilla chips, cheese, and sour cream to top it.
What video never fails to make you laugh?|It's a gifv but this one. https://i.imgur.com/HUMG7ao.gifv
What is your earliest memory?|At age 2 or 3, I was shoving Fig Rolls under the fridge
What is a disability that's much worse than most people know?|Anxiety disorders
What is the one thing that is normal in your family but everybody else finds weird?|We collectively pee on our disabled, slightly retarded nephew
Where’s a good place on your body to get a tattoo ?|Your face, so you can make sure you're not employed ever again.
What’s something you know always happens, yet you never see it?|My parents' love for me...
What's your favorite line in rap?|Feminist women love eminem,
People with an autism-spectrum disorder, diagnosed or not, what can others do to better understand and support you?|People who claim to be on the autism-spectrum without a proper diagnosis are the bane of my life. I fucking hate them because those people are more likely to use their condition as an excuse. My ex-girlfriend had diagnosed Asperger syndrome and, therefore, I knew plenty of people who had the condition too (all diagnosed) Let's come up with a situation. Maybe a party? Very social. Diagnosed people: Ok. This is going to be hard because of my autism, but I am going to try and make it work. 'Undiagnosed people: I am not going. Got autism. Won't work. So, if you are undiagnosed, then get your diagnosis. Chances are that you are lying to yourself about being on the spectrum and you are just using the condition as an excuse to not do stuff. It is offensive to people who have been diagnosed. Every person that I have EVER met that has been diagnosed with autism has tried to make something of themselves and try to improve themselves Does not always work, but they do their damn fucking hardest (my ex originally could not travel long distances without her mum there, now she lives alone and sees her mum maybe once every few months).
Redditors who bought class rings, how do you feel now about that purchase?|Cool at the time, decade and a half later, useless.
As Italy seems to want to leave or at least radically change their policy with eu what would be the best acronym for brexit?|Leaveguine
What foods are surprisingly low calorie?|I've been eating kiwis a lot lately and they have something like 80 calories in 2 of them? And a lot of that is dietary fiber (in the skin, so eat them whole) Of course some of that is sugar as well, so balance them out with other stuff, like edamame.
What never fails to make you cry?|Hodor :(
"Auto parts store workers of Reddit, how often do people come in asking for ""blinker fluid"" and what's your response?"|Blinker fluid?
If social media was around for all the US presidents in history what would they each be like?|Enough with Britain.  We're going our own path.  \#MakeAmerica
What is your favorite song ever?|The Star-Spangled Banner
What is a precaution that people still take that they don't need to anymore because (the technology relevant) has improved?|Only boiling cold water from the tap.
Non-native english speakers: What english words sound funny/ridiculous to you?|Shenanigans
What's the most annoying series to have to listen to while it's running in the background?|Family Guy
Fast food worker's of Reddit, what are some company secrets that you've come to discover over time?|Never order a Filet-o-fish. If you order, do so at your own risk.
What's the best way to break up with someone?|With honesty.
People who don't wash your hands after using the bathroom, what are you saving those extra 20 seconds for?|I enjoy giving people urinary tract infections. It is how I get my jollies.
It's 2020. Football's ratings have finally tanked and you've been put in charge of finding a new sport for the United States to obsess over. What is that sport?|Hockey. It's fast paced and action packed.
What can you do when you have a lot of free time?|Explore
Reddit, who helped you change your life for the better?|Jordan Peterson
What is the worst experience you ever had with a substitute teacher?|"I was a freshman in Life Science class and I asked a question (can't remember) but his answer was ""for example, if my sperm mixed with your egg, it would create a zygote!"" I always hated having him as a sub after that comment, he made me feel so weirded out."
What's something useful you can teach redditors in one comment?|Never go against a Sicilian when death is on the line
What’s a good anime to watch like Rakudai Kishi no Cavalry or Gakusen Toshi Asterisk?|harry skywalker
What movie plot and main characters are required to make the most politically correct movie of all time?|Laura Dern's character in TLJ
What are some life lessons that you wished you had learned in college?|Get a degree that has prospects. I got a sociology degree and regret it very much.
Age seems to be relative to your own. What do you consider old?|I am 30. Age limit of people I will sleep with is 35. Minimum is 21.
If aglets were illegal, what would be some street names for them?|"Lacers. ""I'm feelin' a lacer, man."" ""Bro show me your shoe, I know a guy that's got 'em for a good price."""
What’s your funny marriage proposal story?|I was taking my then girlfriend to see the Christmas lights at the park in my hometown to propose, but I couldn't think of an excuse to not bring the dog with us. Instead of getting down on one knee, I was struggling to keep a 100lb lab from sniffing the nearest tree while I popped the question.
What is the best Rick and Morty Episode?|I'm Mr Meeseeks, look at me!!!
What are some common misconceptions and facts about Introverts and Introversion ?|That we are all autistic. We are **far, far worse than that**
LGBT of Reddit, what’s your dating advice?|I’ve found dating other bi people to be much easier than the alternatives. Tend not to buy into the myths.
What do you probably have the world record in?|Greatest number of amazing jokes that were forgotten before they were written down.
People in relationships, what do you really want for Valentines day?|To ignore the day completely
What are you most proud of so far?|"Getting into med school, which is such bullshit, but it's the only ""big"" thing I've ever accomplished..."
Where in public do you find that people are the most inconsiderate of other people?|At downtown intersections.
Hi Reddit, what did you dream about last night?|lil pump don’t ask
Imagine that medical breakthroughs can allow you to implant any object in your body. What would object(s) would you put in your body, where would you put it/them, and why?|I'd put flashlights in my nipples
What's one time that you bribed someone and it worked?|I told my stay at home wife I would take our daughter off her hands for a day if I could pound her butt hole that night. She gladly accepted. So now it's my go to the get up in the buns.
what the best business idea you had but never pursued it?|I'll tell you if you fund it.
What is your best favourite song right now ?|Degausser by Brand New
If you could own any movie prop which would you choose (and we're talking a literal prop, not something like a literal functioning Time Machine)?|Probably the prop they used for Vader's Super Star Destroyer, the *Executor*.
People who live alone, how do you stay entertained?|Masturbation, usually...
If life were a video game, what would your stats be?|Up up down down left right left right B A start.
What was a surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one?|A prequel meme
Law Enforcement officers of Reddit who have had to arrest a family member, how did it go down?|"Yeah tell us about how you value a paycheck and a uniform over loyalty, you pieces of shit. 
ACAB"
What is something oddly specific that you hate?|The first r in February
What's your most interesting encounter with a homeless person?|"Girlfriend and I were in the city and decided to get a bite to eat, but couldn't decide where to go. I stopped and asked a homeless guy, ""Where's a good place to eat around here?"", and he told me to fuck off."
If all the presidents were ejuice, which one would you vape?|George W. Kush
What's the craziest conspiracy theory you can makeup right now that sounds realistic?|Elon Musk shot a car at Mars because he got an order from someone at the secret base founded during the cold war
What's the most unexpected thing you've ever been judged for and why?|"I watched 'Queer Eye' on Netflix earlier and Snapchatted my friend and said ""Man, girls judge so much about shit. I need to improve my life"" She responded back: ""When we met, I judged you on the way the corner of your lips moved when you spoke"" So, that."
How do you deal with people farting on the subway?|A good counterattack
What's the worst city you've ever been to and why did it suck so bad?|I went to Atlanta City New Jersey once for a weekend.... The place smelled like straight cat urine because of all the stray cats under the boardwalk. Homeless people everytime and just sketchy shops everywhere. People smoke on the beach and play loud music. I'm sure it's great if you are 21+ getting drinks and doing some gambling but as far as a family friendly place.. avoid it.
What brands are worth buying over the generic option?|Lego
People of Reddit who throw cigarette butts out of your car window (and probably everywhere else), why?|Newer cars don't come with ashtrays?
What are some tips to breaking out of a vicious cycle?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What's your pet peeve?|People who believe the Media without a second thought Fucking Idiots
People that live in apartment buildings/skyscrapers, what's the most fucked up thing that you've experienced?|Four hours ago I had eight floors of stuff that goes down the drain explode into my apartment.  Took the day off of work and have barfed my way through the clean up.  Now I'm interested in other high rise stories.
What's something embarrassing that happened to you a while ago that you still think about and hate remembering?|Pooped my pants once in kindergarten.
Hey Askreddit... how do you be productive when it’s just you and your phone ?|sit on reddit
What common opinions & beliefs do you hate the most?|3rd wave feminism...if that counts
What do you love/hate about sports movies?|I have trouble relating to the characters because athletes value hard work and determination while I don't.
People who grew up with bad parents, do you consider yourself a good parent now?|I'm a shitty person, so probs not.
What completely unbelievable thing happened to you that you have no proof of?|"A girl telling me to ""go back to Africa"" in my AP World class"
What is the thing you looked forward to but was a huge disapointment?|Growing up.
People who scrunch their toilet paper, why?|Cause it's better than just folding it
What do you know about homelessness and/or how do you suggest we solve it?|Majority male. Can't be solved w/o overhaul of economic model.
People who put soap on their hands before getting them wet. Why do you do it?|So I don’t have to touch the dirty soap dispenser & faucet handle after washing my hands. Soap, then turn on water, then wash and then elbow turns off the water.
What is the piece of music you absolutely love but cannot listen to because it is ruined by a certain memory?|It Must Have Been Love by Roxette reminds me about my ex
People who saw a famous person/entertainer before hitting it big, who was it, what year, and how good were they at their specialty?|"mid to late 2000's i saw harry potter musical and darren criss was in it. he was good but not, ""he's going to be in hollywood one day!"" good."
What's your life story?|Waiting until I die
Spouses of Reddit who took their SO's surname, how long did it take you to get used to your new identity? What challenges came with it?|I was used to it immediately. It took people at work longer! Ha. Paging my by the wrong last name, wrong last name in emails, and hotel reservations, stuff like that. I just carried both IDs with me for a little under a year, just Incase someone used my “old” last name by accident
Who's the worst possible person you've had a crush on?|My best straight guy friend. I promise you, it's fucking horrific.
What will finally break the internet?|Nuclear war.
What would be improved the most with play-by-play commentary?|Drunken late night street fights.
Do you have a dead person in your contacts? If so, who were they to you?|I pay around $300 a year to be able to hear my brothers voicemail when im having a bad day. worth every penny
If people came with a scent based on their personalities, what would you smell like?|Asshole
What video-game did you really hate at first but now enjoy?|Diablo 3. Started its life super rocky. Came back to it a few months ago, and man has it refined itself.
What are your 3 favourite comedies of all-time?|Freddy Got Fingered Tromeo and Juliet Wallace and Gromit: The Wrong Trousers
If you aren’t drinking water, what’s your goto beverage?|Beer
What is the most useful tool ever made?|Porn
Who should play Trump in the movie?|Hillary Clinton
What movie do you despise with every fiber in your being?|Moulin Rouge.
What is your favorite fantasy novel or series?|Discworld, Dresden Files, Hitchhiker's Guide
When was the last time you felt so alive? And what was going on then?|Running with my dog in the sand, is the best thing for feeling alive
What song, movie or book has a very deep meaning for you and why?|For some reason I alwys get inspired/emotional when I listen to the docking scene music from Interstellar. (No time for caution - Hans Zimmer)
Like ambient noise or pressure from your shoelaces, what are some other things that your body automatically ignores?|Our eyes constantly ignore our noses.
Grammar nazis of reddit, what mistakes annoy you the most?|(Your, you're)
What’s the scariest thing that’s happened to you while camping?|Fell off a rock and almost died. They ain't called Jumbo Rocks for no reason...
What are you so excited about you can't even contain yourself?|Hours away from the weekend!
People who walk around public places with your music playing out loud, why?|WHY, dammit, why!?
What generic RPG items would be most useful or interesting in reality?|Health potions - a drink that just magically restores health immediately with no negative side effects.
Home Owners of Reddit, what are some pieces of advice you would give first-time buyers?|Make sure you can afford the home.
What Tropes and Clichés you sick of in movies, tv shows and video games?|Fat loser with a hot wife.
How would you live if houses did not exist?|In a townhome
What song tells a story-and does it well?|Hurricane / Bob Dylan. (story of boxer Rubin Carter)
How do you deal with crippling laziness?|Get a second opinion.
What's a little thing you do just to annoy everybody else?|Disprove their misguided beliefs
What’s the best three meat and cheese combo on a sandwich or sub?|Turkey, chicken and Beef with Cheddar cheese melted.
What book is liked but you don't like?|Tokyo Ghoul, Harry Potter
What would be some events in the Reddit Olympics?|100 memer freestyle
In the spirit of upcoming Valentine's Day: what's the best gift you ever got/or gave an SO?|I got a golden retriever puppy from a high school girlfriend.
What's the worst thing you've done/said to someone?|I said they smelled like a dead horse in summer.. In my defence, he was a real bully and he did smell bad.
What's the most ridiculous question you've been asked by a stranger?|This one
What's something your SO can do or say that makes you feel loved?|Morning, Fuckface :)
Young people, what makes you feel old and older people, what makes you feel NOT old?|Grey hair, I'm 23 and I already have a ton of it.
Doctors/RN’s of Reddit, how scared should we REALLY be of the flu right now?|Depends. Where do you live?
People who tie your shoelaces together and fling them up onto powerlines above a lane of traffic... Watchadoin?|Me, and a bunch if buddies in my unit would toss our boots on a powerlines of our motorpool right after we would sign out on terminal leave. Kind of a last goodbye to the living hell we had to deal with.
Reddit people who are afraid of getting the flu: has this serious outbreak caused you to do anything different from the norm? Extra hand washing or, no more licking the doorknobs at the mall? What things?|I'm always careful. If I got the flu I'd probably be fucked anyways.
What purpose does your dog serve in your life?|Ghost detector
How did you meet your first love?|3rd grade.  There was a sheet of paper being passed around in class with different instruments on it that you could sign up for lessons after school.  I had absolutely zero interest in learning an instrument, but Bianca put her name next to the violin.   Needless to say -- so did I.  We were holdin' hands and rosining up our bows a month later  Bianca, if you're out there, I'm a changed man.  Give me another chance.
What is your favorite idiom and what is its origin?|rain cats and dogs and see the light
Hippo vs grizzly bear, who would win?|Hippo
What's an app (iPhone, Android or Windows Phone) that you use every single day, outside of stock apps?|Spotify.
What games makes you guys frustrated to the point where you actually want to avoid them?|I stopped getting frustrated over vida gems at like 12
How the hell do you keep up with all the tweets on twitter?|i dont
Reddit, What hobbies make people interesting?|Interesting to who?
What Winter Olympic event would be the easiest for you to medal in and why?|Curing - I'm kinda shaped like one of the rocks.
What's the best nickname you've received?|"You haven't lived until people refer to you as ""Frowns""."
People who leave their rubbish on fast food restaurant tables, why?|They're probably just lazy, entitled fucks.
"What's your ""bathroom door was unlocked"" story?"|I was seen masturbating by an entire train carriage because I though the door was locked.
What is the most fucked up thing you ever whiteness?|Someone adding an h to witness.
What years were you in your prime?|I.. I think I skipped my prime somewhere along the way.
What is your favorite dessert recipe?|Key Lime pie
What would happen legally if someone was caught giving their pet alcohol or marijuana?|It's animal abuse and can quickly give the idiot jail time and or large fees.
Why would someone cut fibre optic cables that feed only a bunch of houses and nothing else? What’s the objective? Just for “fun”??|Revenge
What kind of driver are you?|Slightly aggressive, but very aware of my surroundings.
After 7 rounds of sex and 28 hours of not sleep,the gf is still asking the man, do you want to cum again. What can man do?|"Say, ""No, I need to sleep."""
How much backlash would there be if in order to legally own a firearm, periodical mental health examinations had to be prescribed?|It’d really annoy those who don’t particularly believe in the basis of modern psychology.
What are some obscure, not very well known programs that have come in handy for you?|pencil
What are you currently, reading, learning, or binging on?|Reading White Teeth by Zadie Smith. It's sharp and funny so far, really enjoying it.
Cowboys of Reddit, what’s your favorite part of your job?|Having sex with another cowboy in the mountains.
What's the worst website you know and why?|LiveLeak. there are some things that just cant be unseen
You have the option of getting a free $10,000 gift card for any store: which store do you choose?|Amazon.
What are you not doing right now that you really should be doing?|"""working"" but there's nothing to do"
What were your parents' funniest euphemisms?|Beers are like boobs. One's not enough, Three is too many.
Would you pick up one dollar worth of your local currency on the street? Why?|Yes. If I found a dollar every day for a year, I'd have $365 at the end of that year.
"How do you ""grow up""?"|Do the things that make you survive and it'll just happen naturally.
Whos the smartest person youve ever met?|Am I allowed to say *myself*?
People who underwent plastic surgery, what did you operate?|Nothing, no driving or heavy machinery operation until I was released from the doc's care.
What would you trade your child for?|a year's worth of Cheeto's
Monsters of reddit, which famous monster do you relate with most closely?|"The weird aquatic guy from ""The Shape of Water"""
If dick was a language, can you name a few people who would speak it fluently?|Elton John
Take a fantasy movie and give the main character a gun. How does the story change?|Same movie but I saw a gun for a second or two that didn't add anything to the story.
What's a song that you used to ironically like but then came around to?|Anything by angels and airwaves
What event or moment made you realise you wanted to change your life completely and did you do it?|I took acid, it gave me an out of body perspective on my own life. Yes I did.
Those who watched tons of television while growing up - did it hurt or help you overall?|I get a lot of pop culture references people make. Other than that I can say that it hurt or helped. I still spent a lot of time outside.
What is a small thing you do in everyday life that makes our world a little better?|I water a tree in my garden. Yep. I am responsible for the fact you can breathe.
Movie studio officials of Reddit, what goes through your mind when you greenlight a film which portrays the movie industry and movie studios in a negative light?|"Considering that movie studio execs are extremely common on reddit I'm gonna chime in as a layman and say that it's probably like ""We can make money on this."""
What is something you do at night to help your morning routine go smoother?|A nice tall glass of water next to your bed does wonders
What is a video game that you remember that no one else seems to remember? Was that game any good?|Baldur’s Gate II. It was amazing. There was a broad variety if characters, the side quests were really interesting and the lore was quite good.
People who record an entire concert on your phone. Why?|Question of the decade
What is your party trick?|I helicopter dick and pee at the same time
What are some cheap things today that would have been ridiculously expensive 250 years ago?|HAPPY CAKE DAY OP!!!!!!!!!!
What's your realest/scariest paranormal experience?|when the internet went out for 5 minutes darn spooky ghosts
What's the most uncomfortable statistic you know?|"""This year more people will use cocaine, than will read a book to their children."""
Parents with special needs kid, how do you cope?|Patience.
What reference do you bring up most often without people getting the reference?|noice, smort. coooool coo coo cooc ooc ool more people need to watch b99 :((
whats one positive thing you have to say about the US President?|He is definitely, 100%, without a doubt, a human. No Reptilian would wear such a saggy, ill-fitting human suit!
What makes you lose respect for someone?|Animal abuse. Bullying others.
What problem does everyone else seem to have, but doesn't seem to affect you?|getting to the person that takes your ticket, and not having it ready. And for people that have an e-ticket on your phone: Have your fucking phone ready, or get the fuck out of the way
What is one thing you wish you were taught in school?|How to adult.
What is the most useful thing you learned from school?|Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
When was the last time you felt legitimate fear for your life and what was the cause?|I was about to be hit in a head-on collision and saw the car approaching pretty much in slow motion
What laws do you consider okay to break?|Jaywalking when there are no cars remotely nearby
What things are really expensive but not even valuable?|Diamonds
In your own words, How would you define the difference between food and pet?|How hungry I am at the time.
What did your past self do that your future self was thankful for?|Saved money from working in high school so once I was out on my own I didn’t immediately go into debt.
"If marijuana is the ""Devil's Lettuce"", what would be on the Devil's BLT (or another of his sandwiches)?"|Bacon weed and tomato
Dear Reddit, who was THE ONE teacher at your school?|My school had several dozen teachers.
What is the best thing you ever ate and where?|Pork @ Publican in Chicago
What's the most passive-aggressive scenario you've experienced?|A few weeks into January I’d decided to unblock my (now) boyfriend. To give a little context— my friend, Bea, didn’t particularly like him. They were friends but some drama happened between him and I which sparked a few months of aggression and depression for the both of us. Bea, being the only friend I’d stayed close to out of it, was of course the one I talked to about all of this. She ultimately pushed me to block him. When I told her I unblocked him she was a little upset with me but simply said, “Just know I think you should’ve kept him blocked.” We haven’t talked since but looking back at it I think she was starting to catch feelings for me, but that’s probably just the narcissism talking.
What is the worst thing you have ever done in your life?|When I was a kid me and my twin brother tried to murder our babysitter. He would not give us any ice cream and we got mad. Then we went and got moms gun she keeps in the closet for emergencies and tried to kill him. Luckily the gun did not have any bullets in it. Our babysitter freaked out and couldn't believe we tried to kill him. We ended up in court and our mom got a huge fine for giving us access to a gun. Me and twin were probably the first kids to commit attempted murder.
what do you think cats are good pets or not if they are, In what sense bad or good?|Cats are great pets if you're a busy person because to a large extent they take care of themselves.
What made you feel like you were in a Hollywood movie?|When I'm in the car and some deep af song plays in and I feel like I'm in the ending of a movie
What is the correct term for an item u can use one or a couple times, and which you need to buy again and again?|like cigarets or batteries
Runners of Reddit, what is some good advice you can give to someone planning to run their first marathon?|Pace yourself, hydrate, stretch, get mentally focused.
What is the coolest album title?|cryptomnesia
What sports opinion do you hold?|NBA Playoffs is completely rigged
What is the most disgusting picture/gif/video you have seen on the internet?|Pictures of some dude on Encyclopedia Dramatica who had filled condoms with poop, I can't remember but he may or may not have been eating it. #nope
What is your biggest turn off in a partner?|Other men
What's a good last minute Valentine's gift for your significant other?|Your genitalia.
If your smart phone, T.V. and computer were suddenly taken away. What would you do to pass time?|Read books
People who came up with the perfect response way too late, what was it, and given the opportunity again would you say it?|The jerk store called and they're running out of you!!!
What single word would you use to describe yourself?|Tired
What song can reduce you to tears no matter what mood you're in?|Hurt in version by Johnny Cash.
What is something good about adulthood that no one prepared you for?|"Not giving a fuck about half the stupid in the galaxy.
Seriously - when you were growing up your sphere of influence and exposure is just so small half the shit you see is super important.
As an adult - you can quite literally apply a scale for fucks to give: 1 - Is it feeding you? (ie: Job, Partner, Money gaining task)
2 - Is it fucking you? (ie: Partner, potential partner, etc) Then scale accordingly.  If it scores 2 out of 2... you give fucks.  If it scores 1 of 2, you apply logic to see if you give fucks (can I find new job, can I find new partner).  If it's 0 of 2?  Deuces."
When was the last time you were truly happy?|When I got my last GPU and then 2 months later when I saw the new price of that same GPU. The price went from  $600 to $1250. Damn miners.
What is something everyone should see or experience at least once in their life?|Being born.
How are teens from the early 2000s different from the teens now?|They aren't fundamentally different. Opinions are just louder now with Social Media.
What’s the most unromantic thing your partner had said that was meant to be cute/sweet?|"any mention of ""our kids"". Always terrifying."
What is the dumbest reason you ever got in trouble at work?|dick got stuck in water fountain
Reddit - What’s a good name for a pet chicken?|Stupid.
What is the best British slang word/phrase you’ve heard?|Bawbag.  I use that insult several times a week. I'm Scottish.
What's a trend you wish never died out?|tide pods. natural selection at its best
It's 2020 and science finds out that women actually subconsciously decide the sex of their kids. What are some likely consequences of this discovery?|We kill all the women, I dunno? Probably something equally stupid and damaging to society though.
If we're all here, where's Madeline?|Oh no... OH NO!
What’s a hobby or interest you had that died out as you aged and why?|Music festivals and dance music events. I still love them but it has to be something really enticing to get me to go. My gf and I used to go to every single event in our area, now I go to an event once every few months or so.
What’s the behaviour you swore you would never inherit from you parents, but now you have?|I love living in a spotless apartment. >.<
Did you get fired from work today? If so what happened?|Today? No. Have I been fired? Yes. Multiple times
Hey what physical characteristics a American fotball tigh end should have and what type of exercise he need to train the most ?|Speeling an gremmar
People of Reddit, what’s the best/worst thing you’ve done to get back at an ex?|Best, banged her sister. Worst, got really drunk and got myself arrested for acting like a tard at the bar.
What is something you would cure, knowing it would take your life to make the cure?|Stupidity. I'll take one for the team
What is something that most people think they understand, but few actually do?|What personal responsibility and accountability are
What would be your new year's resolution for the year 2050?|fuck should i know?
Where would one go to get a realistic, armored batman suit?|The Batcave. Duh.
Why do some individuals still think Spacex and NASA are fake and that the earth is flat?|Because they’re either complete idiots or (more likely) trolls.
What was the best stealth product placement in a movie?|These days that's doesn't exist...
What is the most lifechanging news you've ever received through text message?|The end of a friendship.
Reddit! What’s your favorite closing track on an album?|All I Want is You on Rattle and Hum.
You are a hostage in a brutal takeover bank robbery, you have two firecrackers, an IPad, G.I. Joe action figure, and bad breath. How do you escape?|I use the IPad to go on Reddit and ask how to escape
Why do you use Social Media?|Because I’m bored and have nothing else to do with my life
How has social anxiety and isolation affected you in social settings . How has it affected you in school and work?|Every time I leave my house, I can feel them following me. I see them in stores, on public transportation, everywhere. As someone who has been suffering with anxiety for a very long time, it's one of the worst ways to live.
What's something that would make someone devastatingly embarrassed but 100% harmless?|Shitting in their pants
Where would you eat if it’s for your birthday?|"I love me some ice cream     
       
Edit: haha I thought it was ""what""      
Anyways I usually go with a chinese restaurant"
Parents and employees at a daycare my friend works at has had the state inspector called on an employee 3 different times for harsh practices with the children at the center and nothing has been done with the employee, what more CAN be done if state isn't doing anything?|Accidentally let it drop to the parents and wait for the fallout.
What is something you find extremely interesting but no one else cares about?|Hardcore punk
How often do you think it's normal to feel like shit percentage-wise?|I really have no clue, but it feels like 90%
Twenty years from now, our robot overlords invent time travel and choose YOU as their guinea pig, sending you to the year 1990. What do you do next?|Fix the world
Who is the most badass person youve ever met and what was he like?|Trump, he was pretty cool. Bit of a twat sometimes, but mostly pretty kind. The media gets him wrong most of the time, and shows only the bad aspects. This was also way before he was thinking of running for president.
Whats the most thoughtful gift you have received?|a boss bought me a hive tool as a thank-you gift. I only worked for her for like two months...and she still got me a gift more thoughtful than anybody in my family can muster
What's your balance between living life and working hard?|I became a teacher so that I have tons of vacation time. It’s literally the only thing that keeps me sane.
Why do you think people say “kill you self” as if it means nothing?|Because they don't think about what they are saying.
Which state/country has the best license plate design?|I like the old Colorado plates with the green mountains and white background (now they're the opposite).
When did the USA turn into a full scale nationwide case study on the Dunning-Kruger effect?|"When everyone kept saying ""Anybody can do a better job than these so called politicians but they just won't ever be elected"", then anybody other than a politician got elected."
Slobs of reddit, what makes you a slob?|Gluttony, sloth, apathy, uncleanliness.
What exams do lawyers have to take to become licensed and what are the standard textbook/question banks to use?|Varies by state. You need to pass the state bar exam.
What's the luckiest thing that's ever happened to you?|I survived a head on collision while 6 months pregnant. Baby girl ended up just fine too.
Why don’t you just run away?|I’m an adult. That’s just called being homeless
What's something an unattractive person can say that instantly makes them more attractive?|m'lady.
What's sport is better, Cricket or baseball?|Do we have to choose?
What is the greatest album people have never heard of?|One time when I went to Japan I got that disease where your head turns into a giant foot
People of Reddit , which is the greatest movie of all time ?|Die Hard
What is an adult problem that nobody prepared to you for?|"Workplace bullshit. 
I was never properly prepared for dealing with a difficult coworker. It’s not like I can just tell their mom that they suck?"
What is the most attractive thing you've heard and ugly person say?|"""you can eat some of my food"""
Can you name me some famous people who have wide set eyes?|Mina Suvari used to be the poster girl for this.
What would your final words be if you were to die today?|I just wanted to finish A hat in timmmmmeeeee
What foods are commonly mistaken as unhealthy?|Pizza
Why do animals seem to recover so quick from major injuries and don't bother the pain involved?|Some animals don't have the same nervous system sensitivities (or just no nervous system). This is the case with many aquatic animals. Also, many many animals sustain sever damage they never recover from. Often, injuries for mammals means a slow death in the wild. :(
Do you have a story that doesn't fit into any questions asked here yet? If so, what is it?|When I was a kid my dad started a fire in the school library then shot my teacher in the leg and then my teacher killed my dad, who was a bad man.
What would you like to see happen in your lifetime?|finding life on another planet/moon.
What is your worst pet peeve from the people of Reddit?|Asking your opinion and then downvoting stuff that is just a matter of personal preference.
What are the most useful mental math tricks?|3x^2 -> x^3
Why should someone fall in love with you?|Because I’m sexy bitch
What can money NOT buy?|Dank memes.
What subreddit is the most sensitive and likely to downvote you?|Latestagecapitalism
Dear reddit, what pills from your doc, are defintlty placebos?|tic tacs
What two video games would you mix together and why?|Pokémon and any MMO. Nintendo could make a killing.
Who is the smelliest noise to crumple away on late?|What?
reddit, what is your favourite video game soundtrack?|GTA San Andreas
Millennials of Reddit, in what ways are you proud of your generation?|I'm not sure if I'm a millennial but I'm happy there's less and less stigma towards mental health problems
What do you do to get over a difficult breakup?|Listen to music you haven't heard since before the relationship, and get into something that takes up your spare time effectively, like a hobby or game.
What is your favourite video game campaign and why?|I loved GTA 5 and it's story mode.  Online sucks ass though
What is directly to your left?|A shotglass full of half-decent whiskey
What is the meaning of your first name?|"""Born on Christmas Day.""  I was not."
What are some of the best movie plot twist?|obvious spoilers in the comments
What are some myths surrounding your profession?|In IT, we're not super geniuses.  Most of the problems you have, we google.
What “too good to be true” thing actually was true?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
Dentists of Reddit, why do you try to make conversation with people when you have your hands in their mouths?|Not all dentists are sociopaths, they may be curious about their patient regardless of the situation. Humans have emotions...
What is your favorite historical fact?|"Puma and Adidas came to be after the two brothers had a misunderstanding while hiding during an allied bombing run in WWII. Originally one company, the brothers stopped working together when one made the comment ""Those bastards are coming back"" while in the bomb shelter, and the other believed the comment was directed towards him and his wife instead of the allied bombers."
If you could have a conversation with your 13 year old self, what would be the most important points you'd want to make?|Money is important.
What unlikely excuse did you have for why you didn't have your homework done that was actually true?|We had a flat tire What happened was driving home we got a flat, and my grandparents picked us up and we spent the night at their house. Well my homework was at my house. In the long run it didn’t matter I was in third grade.
What are your worst substitute teacher stories?|The time Tom Berenger subbed in my school
What's a good way to support someone on the 1st anniversary of a loved one's death?|Just let them know you are there. They will tell you what they need. Respect whatever it is they want. When my Ex died I just wanted to be left alone to cry. However many people would want the opposite
On your deathbed, your doctor says you will die any minute. What would you last song request be?|Forever by Vertical Horizon
What’s greater than having someone you have feelings for be excited to tell you about their day, just listening to them get excited and smiling?|I'm a narcissistic sociopath, so my answer is achieving things myself.
People who have been called buddy, how do you get people to stop calling you buddy?|I'm not your buddy pal
Reddit, what was your most embarrassing “I hope no one seen that” moment ?|I was wearing new sneakers and ended up tripping and falling.
What occupations are uniquely American?|President of the United States.
What's a movie that your parents showed you as a child that, looking back, you realized was inappropriate?|My Cousin Vinny.  They're lucky their 5 year old daughter didn't pick up the f-word.
If you were to forever be transported and become part of the world of the last TV show you watch, which TV show would you watch?|Pokemon, Duh.
Whats one piece of advice would you offer a newborn child?|Don't donate your organs
Redditors who don't confide in anyone else about your feelings or problems, why?|my problems are my own. i deal with them
People of Reddit who love and consume Spam. Why do you like it? What do think of the general hate for the product?|I used to love fried Spam but hadn't tried it for a long time (15 years at least). I tried it last year and almost gagged on the amount of salt. They had to have increased it because, if anything, I'm eating food with more salt added now than years ago. They could use it for a salt lick and I'm sure the cows would love it.
What is something that you are really good at?|Existi-- *vanishes into the void*
Who is the most loved person on the entire internet??|Reviewbrah
How do you cope with losing a loved one?|"I 've lost my father at a young age and in the past year only, 3 of my closest friends lost their mothers, the first two due to illnesses and the last one, very recently, one of my closest friends lost both her parents and her only sister in a horrific car crash...
  I would really appreciate some insights on how to deal with these kinds of situations and how to offer support to people who do since i feel devastated by what happened to my friends and wouldn't know how i would keep my own sanity if i go through what they are going through so i feel like a hypocrite telling them to stay strong ...etc"
Let's say dogs lost their title of man's best friend. Which non-domesticated animal do you think is closest to taking this title? Why?|Dogs.
Why do large corporations get away with not paying taxes/paying less taxes, and why don't governments do anything about this?|Because those companies prefer to pay the politicians directly instead of going through the tax system.
What jokes are funnier when you have to explain them?|My life
What is your NSFW family moment?|I came home early from school one day, my mother was out gardening. I saw her from the kitchen window, so I gave her a smartass woot woo whistle. I guess my step dad gives her the same whistle because she immediately lifted her shirt. I’m forever petrified.
What's your favorite song from the 90's?|Black or White by Michael Jackson
reddit, who is your favourite mangaka/comic book artist?|Jim Lee. His work is always top-notch.
What is the most offensive thing you did as a child?|Flipped off my grandmother during a family reunion.
What is your favorite picture you've ever taken?|I can't show you my most favourite as it is of my daughter. So here's my second favourite: https://imgur.com/HIIgTSz
What, if anything, would you be happy to pay taxes for?|Universal Healthcare... Even if I don't get sick, I want everyone to be able to get treatment if they have a disease
What do you do if you see or hear that your SO is having a bad dream?|Give it a minute it might be a sex dream
Redditors who went to college outside of your home state, how did you handle graduation invitations? What criteria did you use to decide who to send them to?|I didn't send them out. College graduation invitations are just a dishonest way of trying to get money and gifts out of friends and family. Ultimately no one really cares.
What made you happy today?|It's Friday and payday
What is your phone wallpaper?|Literally just an image from r/earthporn...what can I say, the guys know their shit
If you had to write a research paper on any topic- what topic would you choose?|The benefits of doing one's own homework.
Substitute Teachers of Reddit, what single day of subbing made you never want to go back to that classroom?|Not a sub but I feel bad for anyone subbing for my German class
You're an extraterrestrial species that just ran into a Tesla Roadster in outer space. What are your first thoughts?|Look around, see nobody saw you, peel out before exchanging insurance.  Because, damn, those things cost a lot to get repaired.
You can time travel to change only one thing in the past. What would it be, what would you do and why?|Go back to when bitcoin was super cheap, buy as many as I can, then cash out in 2017.
What's the biggest dumbass in human history?|Operation Barbarossa was the biggest dumbass.
What comes to mind as just a Godawful adaption of the source material?|The Dark Tower.
If you got to go on your dream vacation for free plus one, who would you bring?|OPs mom
What is your favorite unconventional smell?|Gasoline
Let's say you have a successful YouTube channel - what would your channel niche be?|"I wouldn’t mind doing an anime channel that has videos of a first impression and then ones where I actually watched it and give a review. The only issue is I’m shit at video editing and stuff 
There would also be “in case you didn’t notice” videos too where I point out shit that’s easily missed that make a big event later in the show"
What dream did you have that you wouldn't mind if it was your reality?|Had a dream a hot lady wanted to have sex with me. That'd be cool
People whose parents didn't let them watch The Simpsons, what else did you miss out on as a child?|I hated sega what a fool i was
What are some of the biggest myths about the food industry?|Dishwashers do not laugh if you make a design with your leftovers.
What can one do/learn on a 10 hour coach journey to make it not a waste of time?|Sign upto Skillshare and watch a class
What is something you used to do that you miss doing?|Getting stoned
Where do you put your balls when working out?|Next to the squat rack.
What's the worst game you've ever played?|BIG RIGS OP!!
Why do some animals hump humans? What is the psychology behind it?|Dominance
"What's the biggest ""fuck you"" you've done to a business? Why?"|"Pandora kept giving me pop up ads with a ""skip this ad"" button that would MOVE DOWN AND BE REPLACED WITH THE AD LINK AFTER A SECOND. So I constantly hit the ad link accidentally. After the 5th time I deleted Pandora, rated it one star, downloaded Spotify, BOUGHT PREMIUM out of pure spite, and rated Spotify five stars"
Which science interests you the most? Why?|I like neuroscience because it has many philosophical questions related to it :)
To our European brothers, what languages do they thrash in your school besides you county’s official language(s)?|In the Netherlands we usually made fun of German because whenever you speak it you automatically sound angry
What are things you can do to mildly inconvenience someone without them knowing?|Kill them in their sleep.
Have you ever had guests overstay their visit? If so, how did you nudge/kick them out?|I had a friend stay a while ago. She had a family emergency and lived across the country, so I flew her here on my dime and let her stay in my guest room. At first it was fine, but she didn't pick up after herself, left all my lights on, etc. She knew something was up, so when the conversation happened I just asked for my space back. She said okay and left. Our friendship never recovered, but that's okay.
What strange/interesting items have you found in a house you have just moved into that we’re left behind by the previous owner?|I had my windows replaced last week. Some of the voids had been filled with newspaper from around 1990.  Was pretty funny seeing the ads for the old telephone dating services.  And interviews with football players who retired long ago.
Fast food workers of Reddit, what did the most stoned customer order?|This happened a couple decades ago, but my most memorable order was a guy that insisted on a 12-pack of Taco Supremes, half crunchy and half soft. When I told him it wasn't possible, he said he'd pay extra, and put about $500 on the counter. In Filipino money. I said we couldn't take it, and he got confused, wondering why we couldn't take it when all the shops in the Philippines take US currency. He got kinda whiny. I actually argued with the guy for a couple minutes until I remembered that he still wanted tacos from me and I was working at fucking Mrs. Fields' Cookies in a damn mall in California.
What's the worst traffic accident you've ever driven past?|One time I was just driving along, listening to music, when suddenly someone in front of me just drove right into a brick wall
Redditors who are interested in learning a new language/have learnt a new language before, what are the main problems you faced when deciding to learn/learning a language? Are there better methods available?|I'm actually learning a new language at the moment - Japanese! I think the biggest issue I had was how to approach learning it, whether it'd be best to enroll in evening courses, try to learn myself via books or programs, or by getting a private tutor.  Then I had to work out the logistics of fitting this around my work schedule (I work really random shifts, which can start at 8am and finish at 11pm) if I wasn't allowed the time off of work, or if I could find time to fit into my normal day.  As it stands, I sort of lucked out - the only Japanese course near me happens to be at a college 10 minutes form my work, and since it's only once a week, I can take that day as my allocated day off. On the flip side, there will be a five month break between the end of my first year and beginning of my second.  As to whether there's a better method... I'm not too sure. Getting Private tutors can easily be exepensive, and they may not have a complete graps on the language anyway, and learning by myself would cause issues with pronounciations. It would be nicer if my course was more than 1 evening a week, and wouldn't have such a massive break, but I'll take what I can get.
What is your experience of having friends with mental illness?|Well I had a friend with aspergers in preschool. I didn't know until I saw him two years ago for the first time since then. I guess it makes less of a difference when you're younger.
Why is dental care so damn expensive in the US?|Same reason all healthcare is.  Because most people have insurance and that insulates consumers from the price of the proceedures.
What is your favourite quote/s of all time (include author if known)?|I'll be back - the Governator
What was the worst instance where you fell asleep against your will?|Spent the entire night studying for a physiology final. Fell asleep almost immediately during the test and woke up with 5 minutes left in the class.  Needless to say, gotta retake that one lmao
We've had a Captain America film set in WWII, a Wonder Woman film set in WWI, and a couple of X-Men films set in the Sixties. What historical setting should get a superhero film next, and who should it be about?|Deadpool in Ancient Greece. Hanging with Socrates and raging it up with Hades.
reddit, who is the most underrated novelist?|Stephen king lol jk
What's a read-only version of subreddit?|Reddit. You don't have to comment.
Why do moms all have THAT haircut?|their sex life is over, short hair is easier to manage.
Parents of Reddit, what are somethings you had/did growing up that you wish your kids could experience?|Seeing the twin towers.
reddit, do you listen to video game soundtracks or put on your own music and why?|Depends on the game, and how much I've played it
What's the worst road-rage situation you've been in?|Dude cut my buddy off, then forced him into a highway ditch, so me and another buddy (all 3 in separate cars) boxed him in, forced him to the shoulder. He got out, threatened to kill us, then realized a state trooper was pulling up behind us.
What do guys really think about menstrual periods?|Glad she's not pregnant.
What just happened to you?|My dog woke me up by wiping snot on my leg
How much padding would be needed to survive a fall from the top of the Burj Khalifa?|Op's mom would be enough.
Fellow New Englanders of Reddit, how do you feel about the Patriot's loss?|"I mean we win a lot...I'm ok with sharing. I kind of wish it was like Minnesota though or some team whose fans didn't shut down a city with all their tomfoolery
Edit: my boyfriend was really sad though. It took him a couple of days to recover."
What search on youtube continuously produced videos you wanted to watch?|Pranks
For employers, During the interviewing what are the biggest red flags/warning signs that put you off a candidate?|they're a dude dressed as a woman
What's the best way to gain muscle memory?|Repeating motion, im an electrician by trade. Everytime i do a certain job i get faster and faster.
What would you have for your last meal if there were no limits on cost or quantity, as long as it won’t kill you and can be finished in an hour?|Cup ramen noodles. As many as I can eat within an hour.
What are some sayings similar to “this is an a and b conversation so c your way out”?|"""Fuck off."""
What kind of porn would you like to see that doesn't exist (or which people would you like to see in a porn)?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What are some interesting websites?|http://www.zombo.com/
What is the craziest thing you find normal?|Idk prob taking a crap in a grocery bag on the kitchen floor
What do you realistically expect from science in the coming 30 years?|Some new stuff to do with space or new understanding of dark matter
Twins, what have you gotten away with by pretending to be each other?|Not gotten away with so much, but we used to mess with people a lot as kids (and still do when the opportunity is there). For example at those dinner parties that parents drag you to we would always go with identical outfits, and then do things like one of us would talk to someone then walk away, and the other would come up behind them and get their attention.
People of color, what kinds of discrimination have you experienced?|A lot.
What's your country's delicacy?|Prolly fuckin Tide pods at this point
What did you suddenly stop doing?|Drinking coffee. From 40-50 a week to 0.
What's the most sarcastic thing you've said that someone took seriously?|You're a cuck... I say it to my friend a lot.. I think he's starting to take it seriously... I should probably stop
What did you finally do that you should have done years ago?|Got clean and sober. Missed out on a lot.
Which historical figure is universally admired?|Historical figures are just human beings, someone somewhere will take issue with something they have done.
Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've done just to get the attention of someone you liked?|Drank her snot she spat in a drink as a dare and 5 bucks. I was weird.
What simple/cheap purchase has actually improved your quality of life?|If you drive a car, a dash cam.
What's always better in the daylight than at night?|For me, sex. Night time is for eating, partying and sleeping.
If found out you had 24 hours left to live... What would you do?|Definitely calling in to work.
Those who actually liked high school, why?|Because there's direction and you knew WTF you were doing! Now I don't know WTF to do anymore!
What's your craziest travel story?|"I was driving across the country and was in Nebraska, I think, when I pulled over to check on a car that had run into a ditch. Inside the car was a woman trying to calm an absolutely inconsolable little girl who was bawling her eyes out, and I started freaking out a bit thinking someone was hurt.  
Now, what you need to know is that in that part of the country at that time of year, butterflies are rampant and swarm the roads. Honestly, driving on the highway is carnage, and you'll end up slamming into so many poor little butterflies that there are times where if you drive long enough you'll have to pull over and clean your windshield just so you can see.  
I ask what happened an the mom explained that this poor kid was sleeping in the car and had awoke to pure horror. She was so perturbed at the sight of beautiful little bugs being massacred by her mom's car that she begged her mom to pull over. When the mom refused, the girl literally took matters into her own hands and grabbed the steering wheel, driving them into a ditch."
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before surgery?|"""Oh shit"""
What has changed in you in the last 10 years?|As I age my farts just keep getting worse. It's getting ridiculous.
You get to elect any two famous people alive or dead to be President/Vice-President. Who is it and why?|"President: Eddie Vedder 
Vice P: Sir Elton John 
Or vice versa bc they are both absolutely phenomenal people who seem to genuinely care about human life instead of capitalism"
You are a top lawyer working for the FBI and Trump pays you $20 million to keep quiet about his family's crimes. Do you prosecute him or keep the money and why?|Prosecute. That's not enough hush money for me.
What movie would be even better if it was based on a true story?|Titanic.
What is a tv show or movie or video game from your childhood that you still enjoy to this day?|Ed, Edd, and Eddy. (And, they’re from my adulthood.)
How have you dealt with a breakup? Were you the dumper or dumpee?|It was mutual. We took some time for ourselves, now we are talking to each other again. Life goes on, all we can do is follow.
What kind of foods have you almost choked-to-death while eating?|( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
When it comes to toilet roll orientation, are you an under or over person?|Over - I am not an animal.
Got into a car accident in May of last year. I recently found out after months of chiropractic and physical therapy that it my back injury is permant. How do you cope with that kind of news?|Dont do Oxys, Vics, Codeine etc
It's Friday night, why aren't you out?|It's Friday afternoon, why aren't you at work?
If you were an object, what would it be and why?|A woman, I want to be taken on dates and invited to movies by other people.
How do you define success?|Overall happiness.
What’s something everyone should know by the age of 21?|Love is pointless stay single have fun
What favorite movie or show of yours has been tarnished by recent revelations of misconduct by actors and directors?|The one that comes to my mind most readily is the movie American Beauty.  That movie has been a favorite of mine for years, but the things Kevin Spacey has done are going to make a movie where he lusts after and pursues a teenager that much more uncomfortable.
"People of Reddit, what is your small ""win"" for today/this week?"|Getting 6 hours sleep one night. (I average 3 to 4 hours per night)
What food brand is so good at their product that you won't even consider eating other brands that sell the same type of food?|Heinz makes the best tomato ketchup in the field. I wouldn’t want to be putting any other ketchup between my grandsons toes on Friday
Diner cooks of reddit. How do diners make such good grilled cheese sandwiches?|don't skimp on the butter
There is a new element discovered, redditium, what are it's properties?|weaponised autism, topped only in quantity by its brother 4chanium
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to miniature?|My ex-wife
What could you give less of a fuck about right now?|All the things about all the people that suck.
What's a relatively minor thing that absolutely infuriates you?|Wall sockets that switched on with nothing plugged into them
What in the world confuses you the most?|Hatred and cruelty. I can't wrap my head around how people can do that.
What’s the most expensive thing you own that you have not used yet?|Life Insurance.
You wake up to find that you are the only human on Earth. What do you do?|Take off my pants and head to the bar.
"What can be done to ""get back"" at companies that call my cell phone on spoofed numbers?"|Join that massive class action lawsuit, and get some money out of it. Edit: more info here, http://fortune.com/2017/08/17/robocall-lawsuit-compensation-resort-marketing/
What’s a stupid thing you’ve seen a co-worker do?|cut a padlock off of a fuel pump - with an acetylene torch
What's the worst animal related smell you've ever experienced?|Chicken farm. Wow that made me cross the road
If you had to spend 24 hours in a room full of the thing you are most scared of to save the most important person in your life right now, would you do it and what would it be?|I'm not sure how that would work, what with me being scared of dying alone...
If crime was legal for 24 hours, what would you do?|Sleep
What are some good low effort/price costume ideas (male) for an 80s fancy dress house party?|Google Don Jonhson- Miami Vice and wear what pops up.
What was the last dream you had?|Traumatic
What TV Show had the biggest drop in quality between series?|I dunno, but by switching show runners after only the first season, American Gods could either get a whole lot better... or a whole lot worse. (I thought season 1 was pretty good myself..)
Who would you like to see perform a Bond song?|I think Duran Duran needs to make a ~~3rd~~ 2nd one.  (I always think they did two for some reason. Living Daylights was A-ha)
Who thinks George Orwell's content is good?|Doesn't everyone?
People of Great Britain, what do you love most about your country? What do you dislike the most?|Big fan of our history. It reads like a fantasy novel, Hengest and Horsa, legendary warrior brothers came to defend Vortigern, King of the Britons from raids, turned against him and carved out a kingdom. Mad shit. I am not a fan of several unfortunate facts as of late, food prices are rising, one in two hundred people are homeless and local councils are going bankrupt. We'll muddle on through though, always have, always will.
What's your go to strategy to motivate someone who doesn't see any potential in themselves?|None whatsoever. I am neither a coach or a drill sergeant. Not my job.
If humans had to wear warning labels, what would yours say?|Caution: lengthy replies
What’s your excessive cereal bowl concoction?|Honeycombs crunch plus trail mix
What is some of the music you highly recommend?|Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men  Sweet Dreams are made of this by the Eurythmics  Summertime Sadness by Lana Del Ray Wings by Birdie Fade to Gray by Visage Gollum' s Song by Emiliana To drink I can update with links or more songs if anyone cares
A single piece of personal data will appear over the heads of everyone, and you get to control what it is. What will you choose to cause the most chaos?|Number of times they've had a sexual thought about a family member
Redditors who had no idea what you wanted to do with your life when you were younger, what are you currently doing now and what brought you to choosing it?|"I'm currently an Aeronautical Engineer for NASA. And well, let's just say I got very lucky because I knew this person who knew that person and that guy knew someone else and so on and so forth.
I mean who would decline a job with NASA?"
Who's the biggest phony that you know?|Steve
What is a simple thing you've done that has significantly changed your life?|Eating right and working out. Suddenly it seems like it is not normal to have back pain in your 30s
What was a movie you have seen more than 5 times?|clue
What’s your favorite cheese dish?|Grilled
What's the best conversation/argument you've overheard children having?|My transgender ma' could totally beat up your da'
What's a recent feel-good moment you have experienced?|I'm usually in a big rush to drop off my 3 year old to daycare and get to work. Last week I decided, fuck it, I don't care if I'm late I'm going to take two minutes every morning to hug and kiss him. So, for the last week he walks me to the door and I squat down and give him lots of hugs and kisses before I leave. The other kids (3 to 4 year olds) noticed and come over wanting hugs from me now too. It's so cute.
What everyday household chore do you find cathartic?|Dishes. Going from a full sink to an empty sink is a great feeling.
What's one dream that you wished/wanted to come true that did?|I wanted a dog. I got a dog.
Reddit, how did you decide which career you wanted to follow ?|my interests + skills + something that's profitable
If you had to pick just one item to place in a time capsule that will be opened in 250 years, what would you choose to best represent us as a society in 2018?|A flaming bag of dog turds.
If flies could make honey, what would it taste like?|Shit
What's the most trouble you've gotten into as a kid?|I got expelled from my daycare because I poured super glue on myself and another child. That bitch snitched, she said it was fine. I don't remember what my mom did but I was in a lot of trouble at home too.
Redditors, if you came across a brand called “BUNI” (pronounced as buu-knee), what products would you think they sold based on that brand name?|Propane and propane accessories
What song do you listen to when having sex?|Anything NIN is usually pretty good.
Reddit, music is immensely important and has helped shape our culture. How has it helped shape you as a person?|Rock and roll saved my life. Literally!
What are you procrastinating doing right now because you're too lazy?|It’s not lazy.  It’s fear.
The last question you clicked on in this sub is what you ask to get to know people. What is the question?|What is the question?
What's the best product a $100 (USD) could buy in the country where you live in?|A block of ice
What is something you learned today?|you cant help those who dont want to help themself
What is the WORST memory of your wedding day?|When my mum said I was almost pretty. Apart from that it was a blast but jeez Mum, learn to compliment
When do you find yourself being the most hypocritical?|Talking about self care. I always talk to people about drinking enough water, taking their medication and making sure they rest. Then personally I suck down an energy drink after my 11th hour of work, skipping my medications. Then wonder why I feel like warmed up trash.
Why are middle aged and senior conservative people so afraid of video games?|middle aged people were kids during the 80s. i dont think theyre afraid of video games as they grew up with it damn middle aged people were born in the mid and late 70s. thats weird
What is your opinion of chivalry in todays world?|There are too few of us fighting to keep it alive.
What Band/Artist had the biggest drop in quality between albums?|green day
What's something oddly specific that you hate?|The smell of ranch makes me want to hurl. Then I get angry...
Podcast listeners of Reddit - what podcast has changed the way you look at other parts of America/the world?|Planet Money and Revisionist History are a good start. A friend recommend one called School Sucks that will probably strike that same vein.
Reddit, what do you think about #MeToo movement?|It's a thing that won't affect me.
Whats your least favorite work out at the gym?|Cardio, even HIIT, is just so boring to me.
What are some really weird fetishes around the world?|Marriage
What would happen if the US declared war on North Korea in 2018?|Quagmire 2.0
What're your tips for not waking up with cotton mouth?|Don't go to sleep with cotton in your mouth, silly.
Married people, what advice would you give to singles?|Make sure you're 100% certain you're with the right person.  Never settle.  And then get a prenup.
Why does your body feel worse in winter ?|Mine thrives
Reddit, what do you love in the real world but won't touch the subreddit for with a 39.5' ft pole?|Veganism There are good subreddits for recipes, but /r/Vegan is just a giant circlejerk. Also anything music or video game related.
Women of reddit, how weird would it be for a guy to do something involving your feet during sex?|We've all got our kinks, so I'd be understanding - to a point; if it felt like all he saw of me was my feet and started feeling like just a life support system for his sexual objects of choice, then we'd have a problem.
If someone asked you to describe your favorite game in the weirdest way possible without naming it, what would you say?|Allot of people call the main character the wrong name. the main character cant talk and just screems and nods and grunts.
What is the most shameful thing that you have been caught doing in your room?|Your mom
What is the most cruel thing you noticed children can do?|Be brutally honest
Non-football fan here. But why do professional football players keep on flopping knowing very well that the game is on camera?|This doesn't happen as often as you think it does.
If countries had personalities what would their personality traits be like?|We'd be bipolar.
Who is the most hated person in your school/job and why?|Probably me because I don’t talk to anyone. Sorry. I just want to do a good job and not gossip.
If life were a video game, what would be the worst time for the game to lag you 3 yards to the right?|Walking on the sidewalk during rush hour traffic.
Who is your favorite '90s cartoon character, and why?|It's a tie between Hey Arnold and Doug both of them were excellent.
What is your favorite music to cry too?|Silence
It is the last day before the Earth implodes what do you do?|Probably sit in the living room and play lego with my daughter while her favourite show plays in the background. She always has a lot of fun doing that. If I'm gonna go out, I'd want her smile to be the last thing I see.
What are working torrent sites in Australia 2018?|You can't use a VPN? Most websites also have different domains to get around such blocks. This would best be asked in /r/piracy
What would your reaction be if you found out a couple of stories from r/thathappened actually happened?|Why would I care
What do you love the most about North Korea, the capital of revolution and birthplace of civilization?|And Supreme Leader Kim, is the best. Handsome, funny, charming. And rules like a lion.
Who is actually, surprisingly, an amazing musician even though they are not primarily known for it?|Steve Martin is a Grammy award winning Bluegrass artist. He plays a mean banjo.
"How many ""ha"" in ""haha...."" is one too many?"|"4 is the limit according to ""haha...  Scripture."""
What makes you happy?|Sleep
When is it ok to eat dessert first?|When you want dessert first.
how would you build the perfect weapon using modern or ancient methods?|Biological weapons are perfect, hence why they're banned  by the Geneva convention. Chemical weapons like agent orange, white phosphorus and napalm are also perfect.
What are some words you absolutely hate?|cringe
What has been your experience with drinking alcohol while sick?|Not great
Have you ever had a dream or nightmare that was so terrible or embarrassing you couldn't tell anyone you know and if so what was it?|I'm really uncomfortable talking to anyone about my dreams irl. Most of them are about me dying in various ways
What City with the Highest Population Could Be Destroyed While Having the Least Impact on Your Country’s Economy?|Pyongyang
Shocked after just watching Michael Moore's sicko (2006) how has the health care system improved since then?|Obama care helped a lot of people
What's your favourite description of the universe/space?|It's turtles all the way down.
What's the one recurring dream you have had that you can't forget?|Katie Price aka Jordan and Denise van Outen alternatively kept me hostage and abused me, stabbed me, carved markings in my scalp.  I managed to escape a few times but they always showed up wherever I took refuge even though there could be no way of knowing. Once I pondered about it in the real world I figured they must have implanted a tracker inside of me at some point
What is the most used quote that is starting to piss you off?|"""if you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best"""
Redditors who have been in a long distance relationship that ended during or shortly after you finally met them in person, what happened?|I realized I had created a person in my head. He was NOTHING like I imagined he would be.
